flipkart.com	  I was indeed happy when i got this product delivered the next day and within a few days it was installed. Then the tv worked for 15 days. I was outstation for a week and when i returned it was not working. Then contacted micromax people and they came and took the tv to their repair centre in Mumbai. They told me, since it is an online purchased item, the item has to go to Delhi and will take time of one month to get it repaired. Now it is more than a month and I am still waiting. The local respresentative of Micromax is not taking my phone when I call. .. what a nightmare business. the local Micromax people says: DONT BUY ONLINE... 	1 star	  19 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  So the flipkart customer services said-Almost all the pieces have volume problem. That's explains the low price. I've requested for replacement but they are ready to refund as none of the pieces are good. Well then why on earth Flipkart is selling the defective pieces knowingly? 	1 star	  27 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  i ordered my tv and got this product on promise date but the problem is when i received the product i was told that a guy would come for installation within 48 hours. its almost 10days no one has turned up for installation.  i m really unhappy with this i m a frequent buyer from flipkart but this product has changed my thinking towards flipkart coz if u can't delight ur customer whats the use buying from here i called flipkart even chat almost 3 times i contacted flipkart guys no one turned up. when i called micromax they say there is no registraion of an installtion  i had a lost of Rs.1000/- as i did installation from an outsider he charged me RS.1000/-  now who will pay Rs.1000/- will flipkart pay huh very disappointing 	1 star	  26 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Nice beautiful and technically good LED in the price tag and flipkart has delivered it safe a day earlier than the scheduled delivery time --but I'm very sorry to say that after sales service from Micromax is extremely poor which will made me to think many times to purchase a Micromax LED. Now micromax saying it will not support 5.1 home theater & it will only support 2.1 audio system.What a pathetic TV !! so if possible i will rate -. 	1 star	  22 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  This is one of my worst experience in Getting order delivery. I would not rate best on TV, its really nice and one of the best Product. but i would like to give negative point to Flipkart service for their Customer service / Installation of Product / Communication about delay / Commitment which they made with their client.  It was really nightmare for me to get product at my house and installation done and experience with calling multiple time with Flipkart Support team.  About Product , its one of the best Product with really good Picture quality, i would recommended any one to buy this product but not from Flipkart with that poor customer communication/commitment level. 	1 star	  04 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Highly dissatisfied. A pathetic service from Flipkart which I must agree was unexpected. This has cautioned me for future purchases online. 8 days past, and still I don't have my TV. Customer support/sales team keeps giving incorrect information on status and I never received a callback even after being promised thrice. UNACCEPTABLE .. And I am trying to be very polite in my choice of word.  Coming to product, item sent to me had NO AUDIO. Technician had no bloody idea. Tried software upgrade when it was evident it's a hardware issue. Finally was told that replacement will be provided. Since then, now 8 days and still unresolved, looks like they are reluctant on replacement of item even after being covered under Flipkart's 30 day replacement guarantee.   FLIPKART AND WS Retail SERVICE: UNACCEPTABLE and DISSAPOINTING. MICROMAX SERVICE: PATHETIC   	1 star	  15 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this product on 3rd of May and received a call the very same evening from flipkart saying they would be delivering the product on 4th. The next day morning the product arrived in a spick and span condition with the proper delivery equipment. Now about the Television: Pros: #### 1. Amazing picture quality. I feel the picture quality is better than the Sony range of 32inches and equavelent to the samsung 32 inch quality. 2. The tv is light as a feather and extremely easy to install. I installed it myself on the stand and it is easy, steardy as well as allows you the flexibility to turn or ild the viewing position. 3. It has 2 USB ports compared to other TVs in it's segment which have just 1 and are much more expensive. Whats more that it plays all the formats expect for the FLV. 4. 2 HDMI ports allows for multiple products without having the hassle of using one or the other and the optical fibre audio output allows for connection to home theatres.  Cons: #### 1. The sound quality could have been a little better but it is perfectly fine to the normal TV viewer and in case you wish to really enhance the sound you can always connect speakers to the auxiliary port. 2. The remote could be a tad better responsive.  I would recommend this TV for anyone who wishes to enjoy HD quality LED viewing without having to spend like crazy on brands like Sony or Samsung. 	5 stars	  05 May 2014 
flipkart.com	  Yesterday i got this TV from flipkart .Thanks for flipkart such a great product delivering and giving less price compared to other market prices.   Pros: 1.Picture quality is very nice,i cant tell in words.. 2.i connected my 1 TB hard disk ,it supporting all formats like Mp4,MKV,mp3,AVi,divx etc. and displaying images JPEG,png,bmp, it will support to read .txt file also. 3.we can play music files. 4.looks very nice and really you wont get this price with any other companies like Samsung,lg,etc.even it has two usb ports and audio input,Samsung ,lg ,Sony they will give only one usb and no audio outputs. 5.coming to price lesser than other brands. and tv remote control features also very nice easily can operate. 6.sound also good and there is power audio option u can adjust more loud volume also.  CONS: no negative points in my point of view.  really worth buying of this product such a a price u wont get anywhere like this features with less cost.but people will think if it is foreign product means something will be there ,stop those thinking ,try to use Indian products.  i observed people are telling mkv format is not giving sound,because if audio is in dts format it wont play,upto now no led hd reay Tv except smart tv'swont support this format you have to convert to ac3 audio format ,then it will play... Any doubts you can ask me.  	5 stars	  12 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  Dont look any further if your budget is below 25k. Display quality will blow you away, even the sound quality is excellent.   Best of all, FK got the tv installed in my home within 30hrs flat. 	5 stars	  05 May 2014 
flipkart.com	  Excellent product. Flipkart delivery was prompt. Product comes with wall mounting or table top accessories.Micromax technician came and installed in 2 days. Wall mounting without extra charge. Clarity is awesome. Using since 2 weeks now and no complaints. 	5 stars	  12 May 2014 
flipkart.com	  Got it from market at rupee 17.5k and using it since one month and very happy with quality of tv,specially display quality and connectivity options. 	4 stars	  11 Apr 2014 
flipkart.com	  SOUND DEFECT IN THE PRODUCT VIA USB MANY OF THE MOVIES IN MKV FORMAT AUDIO SOUND IS NOT SUPPORTING IS THE BIGGEST DEFECT IN THE PRODUCT OTHER USAGE LIKE SET TOP BOX IS WORKING GOOD BUT SOUND QUALITY IS NOT MUCH WELL 	2 stars	  09 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  My order number OD301232804195520100. They have given me the worst experience till date. All I want to say is dont commit false promises and make fool out of your customers. No proper response from your customer service stating that, Needed extra 24 hours to update me only Status ?????? Upon it giving mail like you were not available to collect the product.  Due to their false promise, I have wasted my 2 business days and make a loss of it. As per their conversation, they promise me the delivery at least by today i.e. 3rd day after their scheduled delivery and I am still waiting for the same. 	1 star	  13 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  1. What I noticed is something others did not..I am amused why ? Lets talk about the look and feel..feels like cheap plastic..not the glam looks of a samsung and the Lgs that i own  2. Video performance at par with the 26inch LG i own .  3. An 7 on 10 for the audio while a 9 on 10 for the video crispness though poor skin tones, i will again settle for a 7 on 10.  4. Picked all video formats and loaded them super fast. a Big thumbs up there. Though some of the mkv movie files play without sound..awww grrr whyyy?  5. Un-natural skin tones ..the skin has unnatural yellows and greens .  5. Micromax take their own sweet time to come for a demo and installation that makes me a bit scared in case i need future support from them.  find a video review on YouTube by me ,search by my name and product name i.e Mohit Manuja + Micromax 32B200HD 32 inches LED TV 	3 stars	  27 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  I found it more than what i paid for.  do not ignore Stabilizer. my last TV 40K got fried since they told it doesn't require stabalizer, its inbuilt.. but 4 years later it fried up..   picture is good.  sound is loud enough but not good enough..   i would say more than value for money.. 	5 stars	  14 May 2014 
flipkart.com	  First,I am very happy for buying this product in Flipkart. This product had been delivered within 2 days. I was searching for a good economic LED TV for almost 2 months. Compare to all other vendors, I found low price in Flipkart with exchange offer.   Though Micromax delayed on installation due to long weekend, I could able to fix it by myself. Its very simple. All options in remote control are simple to understand.  Advantages: 1.Low Price with Exchange offer 2.Good clarity, Simple to install & use 3.Packing & Delivery 4.Able to play almost most of the video formats  Disadvantages: 1.As everyone say, sound is not good while using USB  If you are looking for a good, low price LED TV, This is the best product. According to me, investing more than 30K for same 32" branded LED TV is not a good idea.!!! 	4 stars	  30 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this product on 16th June and 17th morning I got this delivered.But for installing it Micromax didn't even contacted me for 5 days.Honestly saying the customer satisfaction is very poor from Micromax side.When I contacted Micromax technician he just ingnored my complaint and he didn't even bothered about speaking me in a proper manner.So I just installed the product myself. So i will not refer you to buy this product because of the poor support from Micromax. 	2 stars	  23 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  The led tv was recd. on the 21st of June at 12.20 pm I am the 3rd person who has been made to suffer..other 2 guys had waited for 5 days and 7 days respectively and than one of them did a self installation in disgust going by the reviews left by some other buyers.  I am going to spread the word like fire about micromax and Flipkart if the installation does not happen by late evening 	1 star	  24 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  I was looking for a led TV for my parents in Kolkata as a gift as they themselves didn't want to spend to upgrade from their12 years old 29 inch samsung CRT. i am using a MMX A110 mobile for 2 years and it is working fine as of now, so took risk and ordered this TV. I only ensured it has a service center in Kolkata. I have ordered the same from Hyderabad. The TV was delivered within 2 days(ordered on Sunday night, delivered by Tuesday morning) and micromax mounted the same within 6 hours of delivery.   Pros : the backlit, colour and sharpness is awesome. i have recently gone home and checked myself. have two HDMI and 2 USBs(MY 2 year old LG LED have only one) also it is thin and light.perfect for my parents.though it is 720 P but it hardly matters for a 32 inch tv, that also with local cable !!!!  Cons : Sound is a bit letdown although enough for medium size room, it is not as much clear for the ear.The remote is very flimsy and even local Chinese dvd remote is better built. It can play almost all video formats although no sounds for high resolution .mpk files.The mounting clamp is not firm enough and that scares me. cannot comment on after sales services.  Verdict : If you can bear with the limitations ( High resolution MPK files, FLV files ) you can definitely buy this product,Best value for money product, recommended for aged people or as a 2nd TV. for better sounds you can use a 2.1 channel speaker or higher (i am using a 5.1, gives awesome sound). what more you can expect from a 16000 Rs LED TV (14000/- in exchange of a 15 year old BPL 21 inch in working condition)   Some words for Flipkart : Flipkart service has been exceptional as always and they are the best in terms of service,packaging and consumer satisfaction.before buying this TV tried calling the help line for the exchange offer. The customer care guy was very informative and easily made me understand the process which was also an easy one. flipkart not only schedules delivery date but also delivery time for high value products. And all this praise is coming from a person who even buys vegetables online. I use at least 5-6 online vendor , though Flipkart is a bit pricy at times, but hats off to their service. 	4 stars	  06 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  This product is simply awesome...far far ahead from Sony and Samsung with the same spec and at less than half the price.  Delivery : In less than 24 hours from Flipkart  Installation : I got a call for installation even before it was actually delivered. :) Display: Great ( Using Tata Sky HD) is good in SD too  Sound : This is the only place where it is lagging a bit, but looking at the amount you spent and using DTH it can be overlooked.  Looks: Great   Worth every single penny I have spent.   East or West India(n product) is best ;)   	4 stars	  04 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  Amazing product for this price. Micromax LED 32. I ordered this product two days before and got it on 24th May 2014. I installed it by myself (not mounted to wall), i mounted it on Table.It is very easy to install. And It video clarity is excellent and as well as sound also. I am planning to buy a woofer and add to it. I would recommend this Micromax LED for everyone. Don't miss this offer. Go on... 	5 stars	  25 May 2014 
flipkart.com	  i received my product in less than 3 days... but its been over a week as i've not received any call from flipkart or micromax for,installation...  still waiting without a tv for so many days as i exchanged my old tv for this one...  any help???? 	1 star	  10 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  Update: Sound quality has deteriorated now with unwanted noise and low clarity. This exists both with and without external speakers. Sometimes noise is unbearable.  Old: I have been using this TV since 12th July of this month and found no problems with it. The sound quality problem reported by others is also not there, maybe their expectation was too high for the price they paid. Flipkart delivery was fast, Micromax installation took a bit more time. Also the mounting bracket could be a bit more sleek, because the TV projects a bit too much from the wall.  Flipkart had mentioned the product specification wrongly that this TV has wifi connectivity because of which I bought this TV :( ... But it turned out it was not there. Now they have corrected it after my complaint.  One thing I don't understand, there are two latest (2014) models available at lower price than this 2013 model - Micromax 32T42ECHD and Micromax 32T1111HD. They are sleeker and lightweight though have less number of ports. I believe you should buy those models instead of this. 	2 stars	  01 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV via Flipkart.  First of all it plays all the formats of movie files MKV, MP4 and AVI, thats the only reason i bought this TV.  Secondly, this TV has a subtitles facilities for the movie if you have got a file called *.srt for subtitles.  Thirdly, the sound and picture clarity is awesome, all hands down for Micromax for such a wonderful product. Forthly, dont buy any other brand, just blindly order this product and enjoy. Fifthly, I am completely satisfied with Micromax and Flipkart, well done...looking more products from Micromax...nice company though... 	5 stars	  26 May 2014 
flipkart.com	  A very great product at such a economical price, the display is just crystal clear and i am totally in love with it. The sound is also great and this is one of the best deal i could ever have. I also saved few buck from MINTADEAL website. they offer flipkart vouchers. So for mr its double bonanza. 	5 stars	  08 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I have been using this tv from past two days, bought this as a replacement for my 24 led tv (Sony - EX430) since 24 inch tv is too small for my room, i got this for a price of rupees - 14,260/- from amazon.in  1) Look & Feel : ( 7/10 )  The build quality of this tv is not in par with other brands like sony, samsung and LG but still at this price its acceptable, the front panel design is good and USB and HDMI ports can be accessed easily. Tv also comes with a wall mount kit.  2) Connectivity : ( 10/10 )  It comes with 2 USB & 2 HDMI inputs, other top brands provides only one USB at the higher price, it plays all video formats with ease.   3) Video : (10/10)  The video and picture quality is in par with samung (32EH4003) and better than my previously used Sony EX-430 at this price we cant ask for any better, micromax has done a great job here  4) Audio : (6.5/10)  This is where micromax could have done better, the audio quality is not acceptable if you are using the tv in a large room, for small and medium sized room audio will not be an issue. This can be overcome buy using external speakers.  5) Pricing & VFM factor : (10/10)  This tv is available at the price between rupees 14300 to 16000 in different websites and at this price tag its a real value for money.  OVERALL RATING - [ 8.7/10 ] 	4 stars	  28 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  why flipkart keeps fluctuating the price of the products ... its really annoying and unacceptable ... this is really bad practice by flipkart.. never expected 	1 star	  25 Apr 2014 
flipkart.com	  I've got many products from flipkart and this one has collapsed all the faith i had on this site regarding the quality of the products i buy and their customer service.  This TV was working good on the first two days though tghe sound was very poor. but a dark patch appeared on the screen on the very next day. When i contacted flipkart for the product replacement the scheduled the technician visit yesterday from 10AM to 2PM. i had waited all day long for tyhem to come but no one even showed up and ruined my whole day. when i called the customer care they said that their network is down and said that they will call me back. but till now no one showed up. very poor customer service and very much disappointed. better tear and throw your money in trash rather than buying this product. 	1 star	  26 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  micromax TV is worst product to buy, i bought this TV 10 days back , within 3 days of installation TV video gone black, called Micromax service center 6 days back and even after so many follow up, no one came for checking, even flipkart is only providing replacement not refund, should de-list micromax tv from flipkart. my suggestion never buy this, definitely you will regret later. 	1 star	  26 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Do Not Buy this Product cant trust Mircomax , Just dont Go For Less price. One Night Its was Working when in morning switched on Screen display was not coming.   One Special Thing is that in 3 days new TV was delivered but this old non-working TV request is not moving forward since 1 week of Complain 	1 star	  16 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  two star less becos of micromax . product not upto the mart. needs improvement. sounf quality is worst. when connected to 2.1 speaker out , both video and audio gets worst 	3 stars	  11 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Picture Quality is not that good...Sound not at all audible...Called service person for audio problem..he advised to have additional system for that..It has no physical button for anything... Never recommend it to anyone... 	1 star	  29 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Nice Product from Micromax.. Make in India.. Compare to brands like SONY,SAMSUNG i recommend this product.. 	5 stars	  16 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  not happy too much. sound is very low.  picture quality is good but otherwise in less than 15000. not a bad deal. i grab it just for Rs. 13940/- 	3 stars	  15 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  The TV is good & excellent value for money. But the Installation Services are crappy.  The installation service guy called once to set appointment & then never showed up. Filed complain with Flipkart Support 2 times & each time got assurance that they'll send someone. Been 3 weeks, still No Show of installer. Finally decided to pay a local electrician for Installation. 	2 stars	  19 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Ho, To be very, the product which i have received has the sound issue, I can not hear the voice even at full volume. I asked for the replacement of the product on 12-June-2015, still i have not received any positive action from flipkart. Each time i'm calling them they are telling a technician will visit my place within 24 hrs. they even issues me a complaint no. 150611-098012. I'm very much annoyed with the type of service/support. It gives me a feeling that i have wasted 15000 bugs. Poor service Flipkart.  I think i have to complain to grahak seva kendra/consumer forum. 	1 star	  16 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Overall build quality is very good. Picture and sound quality is nice. Only thing is, I am seeing some white pattern when screen is black with no signals, at startup. I am not sure if this is common for all LED Tvs and I am afraid if this will increase with time and results in panel failure. Otherwise, it deserves 5 star. As always, service from flipkart is awesome..!!! 	4 stars	  01 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Have never seen such a service by a company selling big electronics products like TV. I have been using the tv since 8-9 months the screen quality is okay other than that everything needs a improvement considering the price tag of this TV. The audio port stopped working and their service engineers doesn't even know what the port is for. They claim I am using it for a different purpose, when I have previously used a 3.5mm jack on that port. And after finally asking them to tell me a way to use the port I am ready to buy any cable and device to use it, they agreed and called their support team. Then they said that they will change the port within 2 weeks. And wow it is more than 45 days and no response or follow-up from Micromax. Just spend a bit more and go for LG, Samsung or similar brand. 	1 star	  25 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Very good product at such a reasonable price. Flipkart delivery and packaging was awesome as always. I would suggest everyone to go for it. 	5 stars	  19 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered Micromax 32B200HDi 81 cm (32) LED TV on Flikart, Delivered one day before committed date. Got 10% discount for using HDFC card. Post sales and Service was very good. Easy to config and use with HD Settop box. Brilliant picture quality. Sound quality is good for the normal home audio level.  USB, VGA and HDMI connection is nice to use..  I recommend this product as its worth of buying.. value for money..!! I paid Rs.14390/- and home delivered and setup from an expert..  I like the way Flipkart deal with its products..  	5 stars	  17 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I got really a surprize.. Flipkart delivered on time. I got it on 22 Jan 2015. Its all feature are very nice...It is very in low cost and big quality... Sound is nice. Picture is HD. Micromax is really good.  Thanks Flipkart  	5 stars	  27 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  dont buy this tv,i had replaced two times that led tv bacause led panel issue is there .left an d right side backlight blowing it will appear white patches so third time also i got same issue . 	1 star	  27 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  While operating new Micromax 32B200HDi 81 cm TV with 2x10 - 20 Watt speakers it has been found that the volume of sound is even less that 2x5 watt speakers where as Micromax specify 2x10 watt speakers. Either dealer has sent the defective piece or Micromax are misleading rather cheasting the customers and I am one of them. 	2 stars	  19 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  TV has a good features, but service of Micromax is not upto mark they are trying to get into this business, I had ordered this TV from flipkart and within a weak display was not working  I dont want to replace this TV so i had opted for refund and had gone for LG. 	3 stars	  02 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Not deliverable in URAN , Panvel , Kharghar ...................Flipkart increase ur range.......otherwise People in other regions cant enjoy ur offers 	1 star	  07 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Firstly the TV is not bad, however my experience was.  The TV was not deliverable in my area, hence I had to wait in the rain for 4 hours for the TV to be delivered. The TV was supposed to be delivered between 11 AM- 1 PM. And I specifically told my purchase situation and requested to adhere to the timing, and was assured that it will be so.  I was waiting during this entire time period in the rain with the Cash wrapped in a plastic bag. The Delivery guy kept lying about the ETA. However I waited patiently and finally got the TV by then even my clothed were almost dry, I got it at 3:30 pm.  Grabbed a Cab and headed home. Installed the TV on the table top. Then tried to use the REMOTE to switch on the channel, found that the remote was not working. Just to be sure, I bought a double set of AAA batteries. Till then no use. Then called up the CS, they started reading some odd technical scripts. Which was no use.   After 1 hour of rubbish I was patched through to the SUPERVISOR who noted down the entire situation and arranged a technical visit.  24 hrs now, am still waiting for the installation guy to call me up and coordinate the location of installation.  Don't get me wrong, I am a huge fan of FLIPKART, even if products are cheaper in AM****N / SNA*****L / etc, I still choose FLIPKART over them for quality assurance. But after this experience I am having second thoughts.  Thank you reader for taking the time to read this. Hope it helps others. 	2 stars	  03 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Positives- every thing k negative- picture quality is not ok with normal print files and close view.. 	5 stars	  31 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  --it is having 32 inch Led display which will provide you with crystal clear view on screen as it have 1366 x 768 pixels. --Brand new technology called Micromaxs Audio Visual Entertainment Architecture enhances the picture and sound quality that makes you feel that you are having a big theatre in your home. --Energy Saving Mode on this TV helps you to save much energy when compared to other tv's. --SRS Audio system will surely wonder you with its ability to produce clarity on audios and sounds. --is having 2 usb terminals to connect your pendrives or other external devices to enjoy those files on your own home theatre tv. 	4 stars	  30 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this for my parents who are senior citizens but i will not have gone for it for myself definitely. these are the reasons Cons: 1.The power cord is very cheap and very short 2. The quality of volume is not satisfactory but for them it is fine. 3. The volume is sufficient even very loud in AV mode while watching tv but very low while watching movies/videos through pendrive [you will definitely require external speakers for that]. 4. it is very hard to insert pen drive / hdmi etc as the sockets are behind the tv and there will be very less gap b/w the tv and wall after installation. 5. remote tells the story of cheapness. 6. Installation was late [not in 48 hours as i thought] 7. it can play every format but gets slow while playing full hd content. you cant watch full hd movie in slow motion. 8. it has the option to select the either of audio in dual audio videos/movies.[in info.]   PROS: 1. the display quality is at par with the leading brands. 2. there is significant risk of after sales service. you cant rely on these manufacturers for good after sales support even it takes days for the installation. 3. for my parents, it is satisfactory.  i got it in 14999 alongwith a football, got it in an offer otherwise didnt have gone for it for sure. 	4 stars	  10 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I have been looking for tvs around 15-20k and most of them i found were around 24-26 inch ones among Sony, samsung and LG. I came to know of Micromax on flipkart, which had decent specs (32 inch TV) and reviews and decided to go for it. After a month of usage I can say it was a good decision.  Pros: Picture Quality:The display though of only 720p is very good. Colors are balanced and clarity retained. Flash Drive Compatability: It can play most of the formats from the external drive which is a good feature and its a treat to watch the HD movies on this 32 inch screen. Value for Money: You get a 32 inch TV with all the important features at 16K which in other brands would mean to shell out more money. Flipkart Delivery: As usual, service from flipkart was good. I got a call within one day of ordering for delivery and was installed the day after.  Cons: Sound Quality: Sound quality is bit wayward. Also the balance is bad across channels which may be a settop box problem. You do wish for more powerful speakers at times but at this price its hard to complain.  Overall, if anyone is looking for a non-smart TV with decent features (like playback HDMI..) and a large screen, this would be a good bet.  	4 stars	  04 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I got the TV delivered on Sunday and till now no one has turned up to do the installation. The micromax instruction booklet so cheaply printed that the figures are not clear....I ended up putting a wrong screw to the pathetic "10-15 screw table mount stand....now it does not come out and I m helplessly waiting for someone to help. The flipkartt number goes dead after the inputs I make and 3-4 calls went dead with no response so I gave up. Tuesday night at 9 PM some one called me from flipkart and says that it is not yet 48 hours! I think these guys should order a new watch from flipkart! It's still not 48 hours!!!!   Never expected such pathetic service from such a company! Also the cheap micromax stand has worsened my worried wait 	1 star	  24 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  Great buy considering the cost.   Picture clarity is amazing and installation was seamless. Design incorporates some nice modes like auto off and two USB ports. .  Since the product is new to the market I will have wait to see long term reliability.   Since the investment is low it should't really matter either way. 	4 stars	  22 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  Well, 1st thing 1st.. the delivery happened within 20hrs of making the payment that too Free in Delhi. The packaging was sealed. So no issues there either. However, the Fkart delivery guy asked me not to open the packaging myself. He asked me to wait for the Micromax installation team.guy to arrive at my place and let them only open the packaging. So in essence there was no way for me to check the LED set inside the packaging when the delivery happened.. Wierd! (The delivery guy gave the reason - "Sir kahin aap se damage ho gya open karte time, to iski warranty bhi bekaar ho jayegi")  The Micromax guy called the very next morning to install the set.  The product itself is as promised. Its a HD ready (so no 1080p). so it supports upto 720p. However, to the naked eye the difference between a 1080p n 720p may not be too much..(at least I compared it to the other MMax LED I have - Full HD 39" both beaming TataSky HD channels) Btw I tired my PS3 with 1080p resolution, the TV could handle it while displaying the PS3 game menu, but as soon as I tried launching a game, the TV switched back to 720p.. but again the output was equally good as on my other Full HD MMax LED)  The LED had zero dead pixels.   The sound quality is good. In fact the room where I installed the set is quite small (22x10ft), so unfortunately I'm unable to test the volume beyond 5-6 (it goes upto 100!).  Overall quite a VFM LED. 	3 stars	  17 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  delivery i would rate it 9.5/10   decent features ,dont expect this led screen to be sharp as as other high end brand like samsung or lg , but this one is nice decent quality for price you are paying. 	4 stars	  13 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  It's working simply perfect. Good Viewing and worth for the money. Good HD quality picture and simple operations. Weight less and easy to wall mount. 	5 stars	  13 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  It has everything one would expect from a modern LED TV, all packed in a very reasonable price. I have it hooked up with an HD set top box, and also use it for playing games via HDMI link to my PC and watching movies & shows off my USB drive.  The only downside is that the speakers buzz a bit on loud volumes. But again I do not often play it loud. I wouldn't complain too much about the picture quality as it's perfect for the price tag (maybe better?). 	4 stars	  12 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hi Users,  I am big fan of Micromax products( for the value for money feature) .  Need your expert opinion on the below points:-  1) I want to buy this TV for using an alternate for my Desktops(HDMI enabled) Monitor . Would this product be responsive for it .  2) Does the inbuild USB play fuctionality supports *.mkv and *.mp4 formats .   	4 stars	  01 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  Does everything a tv is supposed to. Nifty and light to carry around and the picture quality is simply amazing. You will need a better input to actually enjoy the capabilities of this TV 	5 stars	  30 May 2014 
flipkart.com	  Very bad TV please don't buy. Micromax service is like third class its been 1 week no response form micromax for my querries. Nil sound performance.. will rate 0.5 out of 5.  	1 star	  18 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Received LED TV from flipkart within a day and it is installed within in 24 hours. TV worked very well for 72 hours But after that display is not coming. Only white display. It seems Micromax products are very poor in quality over a period a time. I am breaking my head why I purchased this product. I requested for return of this product. Lets see how flipkart solves this problem 	1 star	  28 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Quality is very bad -Not worth even if it is given free on one of their mobile phones.  Dont go for it if u need to pay for it. Go for a known brand in TV. 	1 star	  23 Apr 2014 
flipkart.com	  Very good features and sound and HD Quality and supported all multimedia features and affordable costing osm product provide flipkart unbelievable..... 	5 stars	  27 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  i have purchased this tv recently but only after one day it stopped working when i complained to flipkart they sent micromax executive and he checked and told me its sensor is not working so guys don't buy this product. it's not a good product . 	1 star	  26 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its best you can get at this price. Very good picture quality. Sound quality depends on your channel or item your playing.   Overall happy with This product.  And Most important Ponit Its MADE IN INDIA  Regards Mahesh 	5 stars	  24 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have used this for 2 months. Till now, No complaints. I would say, Audio is not upto the mark however the price tag and video output makes me to compromise with the audio output.  Build quality is poor that justifies the price tag. Image quality is good, so far I have mainly used for PS3.   Delivery was intact and quick by flipkart. Tv installation was within hours after the delivery. 	5 stars	  23 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Using the product for past two weeks.. Good in all aspects.. Good sound clarity, especially when connected to USB.. Picture quality is of real HD. Thin and compact. I have placed it on the table rather than wall mounting.  Overall, Its worth for the price. Thanks for Micromax and Flipkart.. Service from WS retail is superb, I should say.. Excellent packing and delivery on scheduled time with installation in two days time. We no need to bother about anything.. I suggest those who wish to buy their first TV, just go for it... 	5 stars	  22 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this about a couple of months ago, here is my review TV overall is OK... performs good for a lower end price section. Picture quality is good but when the image has shadows the quality is very bad. Sounds are poor I have connected external speakers hence works fine. Plays HD videos and movies pretty well. Worth a buy, I got this at 13500 without exchange. 	3 stars	  21 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  I want to purchase this tv for exchange of my working CRT tv. Please extend the offer. Its a good initiative. Let all take the benefit of this offer. My pincode is 403722 	5 stars	  19 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  I am very much satisfied. I want one more piece with same price. Flipkart may kindly arrange for the same. 	5 stars	  18 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  I received the product before the product delivery time....nice product..and nice service by Flipkart... 	4 stars	  13 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Received the delivery on 8th sep 2015(Tuesday), ans was told by the delivery guy that they have registered the TV with Micromax , and that they will come by Thursday and the wall mounted fitting would be done. It is now sunday and no news. I had to call Micromax cust care and initiate a SR for the fitting to be completed .  Fail to understand why these people make false claims and create a sour taste for the customer in the end.Why cant they be truthful and ask us to contact the given company cust care number or better carry a list of all the companies cust care number with them and give it to the customer.  Flipkart does not have a Cust care number to air the grievances.If one day they decide to shut their services , then god bless customers. Really pained and disappointed with the pathetic attitude displayed towards paying customers.  	1 star	  13 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Saw mixed reviews. Was about to buy on recommendation from one of my friend. Now seeing the -ve reviews, i get a second thought. 	1 star	  12 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good one. Everybody behind the brand but I believe in Micromax. It is holding my belief as correct. But very very less volume & moreover there is no Composite input from my DTH. No complaints on Flipkart. 	4 stars	  11 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Very bad Installation service. Following up from last two regarding installation. Yet Not done. Dont buy unles they will not assure free installation within time.!!!! 	1 star	  08 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have ordered a TV from Flipkart and received on the said date (Saturday). Was satisfied by the delivery but installation uhhhh..... worst like anything. Installation ppl called me on sat morn, b4 I receive the product and said will do it by tat day end. Later, wen i received the product, I called back for installation. The one who spoke gave me various nos to dial for confirming installation. Finally, no response and got a reply from the last call tat all the technicians were busy so they ll come on monday. Frustrated with this I called flipkart customer care and micromax,both responded negative. Its really really disgusting experience with flipkart. Den,after 3 days, after our continuous calls, flipkart has sent a technician.  Flipkart is seeking just for a sale of a product no customer satisfaction. No response from micromax too. When called micromax, they are asking to deal installation process with flipkart. I would really rate "0" for flipkart customer service and satisfaction. But for the delivery am giving one. 	1 star	  03 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  VERY VERY GOOD PRODUCT AND SCREEN RESULT WAS ALSO GOOD. ISSY OPERATING SYSTEM AND QUALITY PRODUCT. FLIP CART PACKING AND SERVICE ALSO GOOD. 	5 stars	  01 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have purchased this LED TV but after someday it get problem and missing some parts on the packet.After that i launched complain to flipkart then its get replaced and give a good service to me . now i am enjoying the TV.. with very clear picture quality and sound, 	5 stars	  30 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  You really wanna buy a TV that's not even Full hd in 2015 when world is moving to 4k and 8k..?? This is the worst manufacturer anyway. 	1 star	  28 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  My tv didn't come along with wall mount support. Even though it is mentioned in sales package, wall mount support is missing. I don't know how to get this missing item now. Just for this item, I don't want to return the entire tv package now. I don't want to go through all the hassle of returning it.   My order was sent through a very bad courier service named Gati prepaid couriers. Courier guys didnt deliver the product to the designated address, instead they were asking us to come and collect from the office.  I request Flipkart to not to make use of such courier services. 	2 stars	  23 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  I was a little hesitant ordering the TV given the price but I find it good enough for a budget room TV or 2nd TV. The sound is not very loud but good enough for a normal bedroom say 100~125 sq foot  The picture quality is good and has simple features.  I am using it as a monitor cum room TV and I think the display is cutomized to far vieing, nonetheless it is very good for the price.  There were some small issues with installation delay by 2 days but I have been using it since 2 weeks almost after that and all is well. 	4 stars	  20 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Quality of Picture Super, Very Very Thanks to Flipkart. Fast Delivery in Right Time. Low Price and High Quality. 	5 stars	  20 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  i bought this product on 29th of july and got the product on 31st of july. thanks for flipkart for diliver me the product in given timeline. overall in this price price the item is good but two things i dont like in this product is one its pannel/or u can say screen is weak. as comparison to other led's or 2nd thing is its voice quality. rather than in this price i can say it takes 1st positions in all led's 	4 stars	  20 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Even at 100 sound (full volume), it is very very difficult to understand even a small dialogue. Sad to say but.. Will try for one more day.. and return it.. I guess.. such low volume is not at all acceptable! 	1 star	  19 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi Guys,  I am really love to give review about this TV. i got the TV before 1 week for Rs.1350 with CITI bank credit card , i have already bought an Philips 32 inch tv(philips32pfl3938) through flipkart it also deliverd quick and installation done on the same day, when compare with philips really this Micromax 32b200hdi was awesome.   Advantages: - great metal stand with nice weight to balance the TV - Installation is done within 2 hours after the product got delivered( awesome) & they have done both wall mounting stand and the tv stand too. -picture quality is great same as the philips..... -sound quality is better than philips.  Disadvantage: - sound is poor when using USB  really this TV is great for the people who thinking to buy a new LED TV at the range of 32 inches.   	5 stars	  19 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  if i can give zero rating,it would be worth.3days after receiving tv....still no one has come after so many calls and face time given.and 2 to 3 complaints.no action has been taken.this service is given by flipkart.but very bad service.still just time of taking action is given 24hrs & sc.... 	1 star	  14 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  in product specification mentioned internet access is yes, but in product there is no Ethernet port simply bluffing the customers by mentioning fake specifications.very disappointing.silly tricks 	1 star	  14 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Delivery was quick and prompt. overall i had a good experience. the product is great for the price range.   Picture quality is good but the sound is very dull and inaudible.   I would recommend the product, it would have been better with better speaker system. 	3 stars	  11 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Picture Quality is Good.  As other LED TV's it also has Speakers on backside so the volume is too low. 	4 stars	  10 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Brought this one last week , Delivered same time as committed and installation done within 12 hrs , Product : really good , I would recommend this for some one looking for a LED TV within 15 K , Good value for money 	5 stars	  10 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Nothing like anything  very good sound quality also very good picture is also very very good .................. 	5 stars	  09 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  I am writing this review-after using this TV nearly 2 and half months  It is suitable only for cable TV users-Quality is good I didnt check with Dish TV connection yet It can play the different movie format which was said in internet.  But you guys must check its (HD Ready, 1366 x 768) resolution spec because, When I am playing Hollywood movies with 1920x720 resolution in this TV, its start to flicker. Even I checked with lesser than 500 resolution but It is flickering. But I accept that this resolution is higher than what they said in spec. I should have checked all the video format and resolution within the 30 days of return period-if I did like that, I could have found this problem earlier and I could have returned back To find out the reason, I have sent a mail regarding this issue to micromax on 8th July, but there is no response from their side even after 3 of remainder mails from my side. After that, I escalated this to flipkart customer care. After some days got a call from flipkart and they gave 2 no.s of micromax customer care. I contacted the given no.s and booked an appointment for service checking. Micromax person came and saw the flickering (On 07/08/2015) and told that he will come with suitable video format with micromax specified resolution on Monday (10.08.2015)  Those who want to see movies with higher resolution like 780 or 1080-Please don't go with this product. Before buying I red all the customer reviews and there was no such video flickering complaint, so straight away i bought this TV.  I am writing this review for upcoming new buyers to make aware of this problem  Flipkart delivery was good and supported me to get micromax customer care no. in my circle.  Dear Friends, I request you all to check your TV and let me know the feedback. So that i can claim Micromax to replace the total unit or faulty parts.  Thanks Rajkumar.K 	2 stars	  08 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Almost now used this for 6 months, must say highly impressed with the make of the TV. Really a good product with good picture quality, but sound quality should had improved a bit, but still the sound can be adjusted. Got it delivered in 2 days, very easy setup to be done by self only. USB also works great. 	4 stars	  05 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Thanks to flipkart, and thanks to MICROMAX. before i brought this product many more droughts like dispatch and TV quality.once TV has installed awesome quality compare with other international brands. this is sample example for made in india quality.   I suggested my office colleges. installation also completed with in two hours.  once again thanks to flipkart and micromax. 	5 stars	  31 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Excellent service, great packing, except a service man from micromax not delivered to fullfill the features of TV he is very lacking and giving false information about TV features...dont send the people like that, FLIPKART has to resolve this type of issue bcoz he is not belongs to micromax official service man, he is from flipkart agency product serive. TV has low sound otherwise price worth TV  Otherwise i recommend to my friends to buy flipkart any product like costly products. Thanks to flipkart and w.s. retailer. 	5 stars	  31 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi, i got this tv the very next day and installation 1 day after that. it is a really affordable tv at this price for 32 inches.I bought it via exchange of CRT tv, mainly to play PS3 in 1080 p, and it gives a full hd resolution via HDMI, thanks flipkart and micromax for saving my pocket...  Thanks, Adi 	5 stars	  30 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this product 10 days back and got the product within 24 hours. Also very next day micromax representative came & installed it. Awesome service from flipkart as well as micromax. Totally satisfied with the picture quality. Inbuilt speaker sound is very bad, you have to plug in any external speakers with these product. 	4 stars	  26 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I got this product 3 months back from Flipkart. We are very proud to say Micromax is an INDIAN brand. This product is very nice and i really enjoyed. i strongly suggest to buy this product. 	4 stars	  25 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Received TV in one day. Got it installed next day; However Audio was not audible at all. Installation Tech confirmed that TV had issue with Audio.  Received replacement TV with SAME PROBLEM.  Now Flipkart is arranging refund. I spent 3 full days for this procedure I disposed my old TV when I received this one and now there is no TV at home. This time flipkart disaapointed me. They are selling defective pieces of Micromax TV...... 	1 star	  24 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  1stly - Flipkart : you guys rock - super fast service - ordered the TV early morning and got it delivered by afternoon(same day). Flipkart is Always No.1 in india. 	5 stars	  24 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 	5 stars	  24 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  This LED TV is really has very good picture quality,,, The TV was delivered as per scheduled by Flipkart and installation was done within further 2 days,,, I have done lots of research before buying LED TV,,,,I have zeroised on this Micromax 32B2000HDi,,,,It is really Good Product to buy for a budget of around 15K,,,The biggest plus of the TV is its Picture quality for a merge price of 15K,,,,The Sound quality is bit low but with few adjustment you can make it decent. There is also option of external speakers which you can connect. I am using Tata Sky HD Set Top Box which further enhances the viewing experience to a Great deal,,,,I have also watched some Videos through USB and found the quality OK...The TV comes with Two HDMI Ports which is good,,,,  I think before opting for high end brands Like LG, Samsung, Sony one should compare the picture quality & Price & Features of this Product with high end brands,,, I am Sure you wont find any difference in Picture quality except Price  Just Go for it guys,,,,This is nice Product.... 	4 stars	  23 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  During warranty period they didn't give the best service, this TV has the Volume problem. During warranty period they didn't give the best service, this TV has the Volume problem. During warranty period they didn't give the best service, this TV has the Volume problem. 	1 star	  22 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  It has very low volume on a high level. You will have to purchase extra amplifier system and connect externally to boost its sound. 	2 stars	  21 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  This working good. Looking good, But I feel sound is not good. You can buy the product. Visibility is good 	4 stars	  20 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this tv on 18th June and promised date was 30th june however till today 17th july i haven't received my TV hence i had to cancel my product. I even used to give call to flipkart as well as courier guys on the update but none of them gave me the current status. This is the worst experience i have ever had with flipkart. Hopeless service this time. People who buy product please think again before ordering. 	1 star	  17 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV was good, But to my suprise sound is not coming while playing the videos using USB. Every time i have to connect to my laptop. called Flipkart and its the issue with product and micromax team was not responding to this.  Other than this product is very good 	3 stars	  14 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  good TV within range, can invest for short term entertainment, overall satisfied performance.. sound, picture, and outlook all are good.. check all doubts and queries when installation guys come.. 	4 stars	  14 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Great Television, I am Expected for 90% but I had Received is 100%. Fully Satisfied, Only One Issue that Everybody said about Sound Quality. Its True.. Go For External Speaker its is good. If You Increase or Decrease Volume, You Cant feel the the Major Sound Difference. That is Because of Led Panel. Its all Happens in Branded T.V Also. Amazing Features. No Movement in Room Makes the T.V Automatically go For Stand By Mode.  	5 stars	  09 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Excellent delivery time. Product delivery and installation completed within 24 hr time. Value for money. 	5 stars	  09 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I had a budget of Rs 15K. I was looking for a 23 inch Sony TV. But my luck was good and got this TV in flipkart sale and got 1500rs discount also. :) Thanks flipkart   One again thanks and Hats off for your prompt delivery. Received the product in 4 days. Also got the call for Flipkart customer care same day regarding request raised for the installation of TV.  Kudos to you flipkart!!!!  Now lets review the TV.  Pros: 1) I was amazed to see the picture quality. Seriously i was not expecting this kind of quality.  2) 2 HDMI. 1 for TataSky and 1 for my PS3. Wow 3) USB interface. Most formats are playing like fluid. Except a few videos were playing audio-less video. Also GUI interface of USB could have been better. 4) VFM truly.  Cons: 1) Sound is not very loud. The speaker is back facing so sound is not coming to front effectively. However a decent external speaker will overcome this issue. 2) Subtitle: TV is supporting the subtitles srt files but the subtitle is appearing small and are white in color. There is no way to change this setting. May be a firmware update fix this issue. Requesting MMX to do this.  3) USB user interface could have been better.  Overall great value for money... you can't ask get any more than this in this price.. 	4 stars	  09 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I will give the 5 star for this television. Best deal by Flipkart .Firstly packing is best,delivery on time, sound is awesome,resolution is fine ,design i love it.15 days by now i am writing review going very fine.guyss go for the Micromax rather any other brand.its worthy :) 	5 stars	  08 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I hv ordered Micromax 32B200HDi on 23rd Jun 2015 and Delivered on 25th Jun 2015 on time via Flipkart   Flipkart service is good  About Television: 1) Picture is good 2) Sound is not good... ( ie., Bad ) 3) AV output to home theater not working  	4 stars	  04 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Got this LED with exchange offer and with card discount at reasonable price.  Excellent picture quality, sound is good, overall experience is satisfactory. 	5 stars	  03 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  This product was not working, i am cancel / replace oerder, Flipkart replied technical technicion will come and confirm the product then we will replace . after 10 days techicion will come and told BOARD problem. Now flipkart told no replacement or no cancallation.   Very very wrost and Cheating company flipkart. i want replace or Retun my money.    Pls friends dont buy any Big product from flipkart. 	1 star	  29 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its good enough with the price range..i have checked its supports 1 TB Ext. HDD too which is very helpful for me. 	5 stars	  29 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  90% of the Bangalore this product is not available then why the hell have you posted this product here in Bangalore, places like MG road, Indiranagar this product not available n places like K R puram, Garudacharpalya also not available then where the hell you want sell....This rating is for Flipkart not for the product, 	1 star	  29 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Quality is too good Hd also too good compare to Sony also fine sound is low...  im totally satisfied about using this tv 	5 stars	  28 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Micromax LED HD TV is within the reasonable price. All except the remote quality is not upto the standard quality as compared to Samsung, LG, and others. TV remote becomes unserviceable within a week of used. Its within the warranty where can I get/change the TV remote. Please help me, I m not using it since Feb 15. 	4 stars	  27 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  very nice product and money vice better than other product super quality picture sound is better flipkart delivery is same day delivery 	5 stars	  27 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi, Puneet this side , I have ordered this product on Tuesday and I received this product on next day Wednesday early in the morning 08:00 Am. and  installetion person also come on same day at 03:00 Pm on Wednesday. Over All Flipkart Service are Awesome..... :)  If i talk about t.v it's so urlly reply from my side, My experience in this 2 days with t.v is good. picture quality is good & sound are also good..... 	4 stars	  26 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Dont buy from flipkart very disappointing.  I had received the LED on promised date. After installation I observed the dead pixel problem onscreen, I requested for replacement. After 10days follow-up I received a replacement. Again, received faulty LED (remote is not functioning) I escalated the issue. After 10days follow up, Flipkart arrange a service engineer visit to cross check the issue and confirmed remote is faulty. After 2 days flip kart customer care executive called me saying will read refund money. 	1 star	  25 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  THE TV HAVING LOT OF PROBLEMS AND UM GOING TO COMPLAINT AGAINST THE COMPANY ....................DDDDDDDDD 	1 star	  25 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  GOOD JOB THIS TIME SCHEDULED DELIVERY & INSTALLATION ALL ON TIME. GREAT PRODUCT TOO. KEEP IT UP. THIS TIME ALL WENT GOOD. 	5 stars	  24 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  1. The picture quality is good. 2. The audio system is bad, not only the inbuilt speakers, but also the audio port. On connecting to external speakers (also earphones) making lot of background noise. 	3 stars	  24 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Ordered on 20th June 2015 and was watching favorite shows at 12 PM on 23rd June 2015.   I would only say Go through Flipkart before going to Local retailers and think twice before taking money out of your pockets 	5 stars	  23 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Mast... Micromax is really very good in quality and price. :)       why flipkart is asking to give 100 characters .. if people doesn't want to write that much...?????? 	5 stars	  23 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Everything is good in this TV except the sound quality. The highest volume for this TV is actually less than mid volume of any other branded TVs. However its cool if connected to an external speaker. 	3 stars	  23 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  after 30 days how would i claim its warranty ? i heard that local care centre does not accept online bought product please suggest me 	4 stars	  22 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Remote is not working ever since i got my TV.  intermittently it works and then stops i have changed the battery and replaced the battery with duracell, but still the same no changes... 	1 star	  22 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good product and valuable rate. Flipkart delivered it with care and safe on time.................................................................................................................... 	4 stars	  18 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  its very simple.Gud sound quality and it uses only 45 w its pretty gud for this life.I have only one tv but its ennof 	5 stars	  18 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought a lcd tv on dated 12 feb from online retail store flipkart and it stop working after 35 days of purchase.  I raised a complain on 25th of march(Complain number MMr29041529227).A person came to visitand he told me that it will take around 15 days, but he came after 20 days and was not able to repair. After that on 27 may he raised a new complain no hp270515374714 and I got a information that your problem will be short out by 6 of june but nothing happen.  Now I am sick of it and need it , Very poor service I thing they should be baned like Maggi   	1 star	  15 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Really I appreciate many of Micromax products, but I strongly disagree with this product,   1.Audio of this TV is not at all a worth one, we cant hear the sound even if we sit near to the TV. 2.Even I tried to connect my external speaker, but display goes in vain... It loses its picture quality.  Now I have raised return request of this product, I will choose better one than this. Hope flipkart will help me in this to get me a beautiful product.  	1 star	  15 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Got the product and shocked to see remote was missing and Glass stand had a small crack on it but its OK. I bought it for watching movies and which needs good quality of sound and it is lacking and one more drawback u can only connect Speakers 2.1 and not the 5.1 home theater. One more thing I was guided that one internet button will be there on remote so that u can access the internet but I checked with my friend's remote it is not there on the remote. HD quality is also not that Good, but the good part is there is no glare means view angle is good and can see in any direction, picture will be clear.  LAST COMMENT : Disappointed with quality but ok with Price.. People with low budget can go for this product. 	3 stars	  12 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Rating  Display : 5 Star  - Direct LED is very good. - Can be set into lower power consumption mode. - Side angle view is also not so much dark.  Sound: 3 Star - There are two option. Power Audio & Normal Audio. But it is creating very minor difference. - Sound is very slow on some channels and in some movies using inbuilt speaker.  I think it is recommended to buy home theater system. 	4 stars	  10 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Micromax tv rocks i have buyed it and till yet not recived any defects.the picture quality is awsome u can play diffrent formats like mp3 mp4 and many more. 	5 stars	  09 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is just a fake TV,No Mkv support in USB as mentioned in User Guide,Requested return but no response from flipkart ,Gonna complain against it to consumer care!! 	1 star	  08 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  The Original Price of this Tv is 16,000 -16,500 only. They are showing 23,000 that is totally Fake. They are Fooling Customer. Flipkart you have reduced your level yourself. One Day nobody will shop at your Website. 	1 star	  08 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  i urge every one who r willing to buy this box, this will work well for 40 to 45 days nd once the 30 days replacement gurantee is over ur mind will blow off......its expiry date is of 50 days...nd after tht u will suffer a pathetic responce frm micromax service centre.....my tv was expired after 38 days nd nw it hs been 62nd day nd no body frm service centre still came to recover this dead body. 	1 star	  07 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  please could you let me know if you can Delivery it to the location - Pin-303502.  please let me know as soon as possible 	5 stars	  05 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Best deal in this price range. Delivered within two days by FK, wall mounted by Micromax guy the next day. TV has brilliant colors and picture quality. Complete satisfaction.\m/ 	4 stars	  02 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have purchased this TV.... its really very good product with this price.. the picture quality is also good..donot compare with smart TVs like sony... its a great product but sound quality is not up to the mark 	4 stars	  29 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Sound is not coming for USB movies. it's supporting very few movie format. i am very much disappointed for this product. i contact to flipkart they told it's not there problem. they refuse to return this product. i don't know what should i do. 	1 star	  24 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good Product within beginners range of LED. Sound quality is Good Picture quality is Good.  Ideal for small Bedroom area. Supports all playing formats. Detects my 500 Gb & 1 TB External Drives. Running movies directly from External source w/o any Lags Go for this! 	5 stars	  22 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Definitely not worth the price or the ratings given here. Its a cheap TV with very bad picture quality. Buying this TV was a disaster. On the very first day when we setup the TV the picture quality was very bad. It looks pixelated with a reddish shade on each frame. We thought it was some setup issue and waited for the installation person to come. After two weeks of struggling to change the installation address some technician visited and said it is supposed to be like that only, there is no fault. He adjusted some colors and we showed his the difference with existing TV but he still acted like there is no problem. We again called up Micromax and they said your video quality is poor. We were playing a 1080p video! We asked them to get a video from their side which they think is the best and play it on the TV but on the next visit also they tried to convince us it is supposed to be that way.  It is not only a horrible TV but horrible service and policies by Flipkart that the vendor will confirm if the TV is damaged. Ofcourse the vendor is never going to say yes! So now we are stuck with a pathetic picture quality TV 	1 star	  22 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  So many consumer have faced this problem of installation. Micromax do not take pain to install TV purchased on line.  I got delivery on 17th May 2015 and till 22 May not body has come for installation even FK person gives empty assurance to customer saying next 2 days 	1 star	  22 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  I really didnt wanna spend too much money on a TV and tried my luck on this one so that I can use it both as a TV and a Monitor!!!!! The TV is as good as its big brother the 40 Inch TV.. Just doesn what it says!!!!! The Installation service was fantastic... Came in the same day for installation and as always the Flipkart Service is superb!!!!!   Go for it if you want a TV and Monitor !!!!!!! If you are looking at crystal sharp pictures, dont go for thiss one as this is HD Ready. I knew it before buying it !!!!! 	5 stars	  21 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is a very good TV within a good price tag. Flipkart went upto my highest expectations as delivered within 36 hours of ordering it. The installation tech also reached well before time for installation. The performance is very good only slight problem is the sound quality which should have been better. But any way it is worth comparing its price. The sound deficiency can be resolved by using a 2.1 computer speakers with which the quality of sound improved a lot. Thanks flipkart for the amazing service till now. 	4 stars	  20 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV stopped working in a week. Flipkart's only response is please wait for 2 days for any update. while buying i was informed that product will be replaced if any issue happens in 30 days. But when mine stopped working in a week there is neither a replacement nor repair. There was a guy who came and checked what happed to TV from Micromax. He concluded board has to be changed and vanished.  So conclusion, i made a mistake ordering product from Flipkart. Disappointing service. 	1 star	  15 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have received on time delivery for the product. Installation is also done within single day of delivery. Nice product with good picture quality.Only lag is Sound which is a bit low. 	4 stars	  14 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  worth for the money paid........................................................................................................................................................................ 	5 stars	  13 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  ==>I have purchased this Micromax 32B200HDi LED tv, & i m using is for 1 week.   ==>I m giving 5 star to Flipkart for its service. But will give 3.5 star to Micromax.   ==>There is no toll free customer care no. in micromax, & also no response in tolled no.  ==>Now come to the point for tv.   ==>Picture quality is very good but still not upto the mark, as skin tone is not good (not natural).   ==>Sound quality is very bad, though it has 10 W + 10 W speakers, but its sound is not up to the 6W + 6W speakers of other brand tv (which is in similar price range). It is worst when we play through usb.  ==>Also not supporting the movie which is in mkv format. How ever we can see the video but audio is not supportable.   ==>So micromax have to update the software in this tv, as mkv format is also supporting in other brand tv (which is in similar price range). with clear sound in just only 6W + 6W speakers. (As flip kart is not giving permission to give the name of that brand, however the tv from that brand are also selling from flipkart.)   ==> It is good that, It has 2-hdmi, 1-usb, 1-vga ports, 1-headphone jack, 2 port for extra speakers (L & R).   ==>We can directly attach the extra speakers of 2.1 channel without woofer. & with the help of extra speakers, its rocking.   ==>I am very disappointing with the review given by a person,  who has written that it has 2 usb port but in this tv has only 1.   ==>Sound is not good from the tv speakers as he has described .   ==>I also want to contact to him for, how to play movie by usb, which is in mkv format? As he has written that he can play the movie using usb drive which is in mkv format or he can convert from mkv to ac3.   ==>Also, how can i convert from mkv to any other format?   ==>Can we install VLC player in our tv????   Plz reply me.   If anyone have any solution for this problem, then plz reply me with the help of this review portion. (As flipkart is not giving permission to write my email id or mobile no.) 	4 stars	  12 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  having a good sound compared to other led and fast instillation and packing is good I recommend this product for all 	5 stars	  12 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Delivery : 10/10  # Got delivery as per schedule.  Demo : 7/10  # (-3)On switching and physical inspection. We had no inputs available for checking the inputs to TV hence only checked USB at time of demo. Demo was on time.   Product quality : 6/10 # (-2) There are two white spots just near to speakers at bottom both side edges of screen, fairly visible when screen is black. Just like a CRT TV getting screen RED when near to external magnetic field. Not resolved and seems this is for life time of product.  # (-1) Can see screen flickering for first few days then got used to and have no problem, I think refresh rate of the screen is not so good.  # (-1) According to me the product quality differ from other brands as like price ..! 	1 star	  05 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Brilliant quality for 15k except 1 point : sound. sound is okay, not really good. Picture quality is fine. In all no problems in 9 months of usage. Brilliant from Micromax 	5 stars	  05 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Best Service  Sunday TV Derived and Monday Installation and Demo Person also come  I have try many thing from Flipkart and i have Full trust on there Service and produced  Any mistake then will Refund also done on time 	5 stars	  04 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  It is a budget 32" TV ....... Picture quality is not bad ....... Sound is also quite good .............. Needs HD SET TOP BOX ........... Otherwise pic quality would be poor ........ Adding 2.1 Speaker makes it awesome ............ 	4 stars	  30 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is one of the finest equipment that I am happy to have. After using it for little over a month now, I guess I can recommend it now. Flipkart is great in delivering and subsequent following up with me on getting it installed. All in all a memorable experience:) 	5 stars	  27 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is a really awesome product. good sound quality,good picture quality.Delivery on time, easy to install,  	4 stars	  17 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Product is awsome. Didnt face any issues. Installation process was also smooth. best product in this price range  	5 stars	  17 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I purchased this TV near about in december. I am happy with its performance, picture quality is so clear, I am amazed. Gud work micromax.  Also delivery was smooth with flipkart 	4 stars	  13 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  First of all Hats off to flipkart for Lightning delivery of the product... placed d order on saturday afternoon... arrange d schedule to monday evening between 6 to 9 and guess what product was at the door at monday evening 6.15pm.... sp thumbs up for that...  Now about the TV... Display quality best in this price range... Look and Design .. Thats the best among all the features of this LED Easy interface to jump from your av mode to dvd or usb plug n play ... 2 AV ports that you can attach your STB and DVD player simultaneously 1 more USB port would have been better but one 2.0 USB is enough 2 HDMI ports for HD ready (its not a full HD LED.. You can play 720p movies or videos)  Cons : Sound quality is so poor... It would have been better remote control is not that responsive...  All in all it is the best buy till now... Value for money it u hav got a good home theater system... ;)  **I've used this LED more than a week now.. !!! 	4 stars	  13 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  First of all thanks to flipkart for matching the scheduled delivery .  The product is great and thumbs up to micromax for the excellent quality of the product. Easy switch between the various inputs TV , AV1, VGA and USB.  In USB mode all the video formats are played. FLV, MPG, DAT, 3GGP, 3GP , MOV etc. In all a great product and with the offers I was able to get it at almost 55 % of the MRP. 	5 stars	  08 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Not the best product but good for the price at which i got from Flipkart. Micromax person is little sluggish but i feel its a good deal in the end.  	5 stars	  06 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  First of All, Thanks to Flipkart for the AMAZINGLY FAST DELIVERY!! It was within 24 hours including the engineer visit for the Wall Mount.  Secondly, this TV is not less than the other branded products which are available in the market with a huge price tag, although the sound is a little bit low, but still you can compromise on that as you can connect speakers...  Lets hope for the best and I have a feeling that this will serve me long! 	4 stars	  05 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV intrigued by the low price. But in 2 days of use, I found that this TV has lots of issues.  1. First of all, there are quality issues with the table top stand. Though it doesn't affect the TV viewing, it shows very poor quality controls.   2. Very annoying backlight bleed. This TV suffers from a very annoying back light bleed around the corners and edges. This is very disturbing when you watch darker scenes.  3.The sound from analog outs (headphone / AV out has annoying "static" noise). The volume control and audio quality is pretty bad. The volume suddenly increases when you move from 0 to 5 and then its stops increasing from 15 onwards. The volume scale is 0-100. So there isn't much of a "volume control". None of these issues exist if you plan to use a separate HT audio system.  Overall a pretty poor quality TV and I would recommend people to NOT to get intrigued by its low price. There are severe quality issues associated with this set. 	1 star	  01 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV is good. But there is a display issue. I never expected this type of issue will come in the TV. Sad...  	1 star	  31 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  we can't find out where it is available now? list out the places available. we type any pincode number, it tells not available. then how can we buy this product? 	1 star	  31 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Picture clarity is amazing, Sound is not much impressive. Bought the product at very reasonable price. Flipkart delivered before the committed time awesome service by flipkart and Demo finished on the same day. Really happy with this deal 	5 stars	  31 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Bought this TV just to play xbox & now i am in love with it. Its an amazing LED TV. Loved it! The HD experience is amazing & also the sound quality. Got the product delivered within 3 days. Product & service both are wonderful!! 	4 stars	  27 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  After using a small tv for 9 years i wanted to buy a LED tv. I opted to buy it from Flipkart. I believed them and bought Micromax 32" LED TV. I got delivery on time and installed the same day. When watching a tv, i saw a white patch on both the side of the screen. I am upset that flipkart has delivered me a rejected piece. I dont know whether this TV has a quality problem. I believed you flipkart, its your duty to send me a good quality TV. If micromax is not the best brand then you should not market it. I had doubts when ordered for Micromax, but believed that flipkart will not market bad brands and opted for it. I made a mistake. Its hurting for a middle class person to buy a TV believing somebody and they cheat you. 	1 star	  21 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have got my product on 3rd march, performance was good but had some display issue.. Fipkart agreed to replace the LED... on 15th March i got the replacement ... And the new TV also had the same problem... From 16th till 19th Am trying to explain and get the replacement, they are not responding ...  Customer care executive ( Name - Raj , promised me that he will call in 2 hrs, but no responce )  Till now i would have called 10 times no people taking ownership to solve my issue..   Please dont buy this in flipkart.. 	1 star	  19 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  I am using this TV for the past one month it is really amazing. Amazing quality for this price range. It looks like a branded television. It can easily compete with other HD ready Tv,s in the market.   Buy it, its really worth it.. 	5 stars	  17 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Really good and value for money. Go for it. Product quality is simply awesome. Satisfied flipkart with delivery service. 	4 stars	  17 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  reviews are better but it is not available in particular cities. i dont know y, u to impore some loacations to delived the products for customers. 	1 star	  14 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  It give the pleasure of big screen with competitive price!! Who have tight budget please go without any hesitation. Its nice!! 	5 stars	  13 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Display: beautiful (is absolutely clear on my tata sky HD and PS3, to a normal vision eye, I havent tried a magnifying glass to check for pixels).   Size: Very Slim (sits perfectly on my tv table). The 32" is good enough for a medium sized family lounge.   Pretty sturdy base.  2 HDMi ports work like a charm.   USB: its exceptional, has played almost 99.99% of the video files i have. And i have some very recent and old movies. No issue here. The interface is also very user friendly.   Cons: Sound. It actually sucks. You should get an inexpensive 2.1 with this tv, it would work wonders then.   Love this TV for the price they are selling it.  Would recommend it to anyone. 	5 stars	  10 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  amazing in worth price. ................................................................................................................................................ 	5 stars	  10 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Catherine Rembisha told abt d Same,problem of Led shadows persist on my TV,I complained to flipkart they arranged me a new replacement TV but d problem cannot b cleared ..I read in internet for d solution of problem, they told that PLEASE ADJUST THE SCREWS ON THE LEFT&RIGHT of the TV den the light shadows will be cleared.,.now am happy with d TV 	5 stars	  08 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Catherine Rembisha told abt d Same,problem of Led shadows persist on my TV,I complained to flipkart they arranged me a new replacement TV but d problem cannot b cleared ..I read in internet for d solution of problem, they told that PLEASE ADJUST THE SCREWS ON THE LEFT&RIGHT of the TV den the light shadows will be cleared.,.now am happy with d TV 	5 stars	  08 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have requested for a replacement on this product because I was not satisfied with the LED lights flashing up on the screen, as in I could see the lights on both sides of the panel, especially when on black screen or in white screen, I could see a little bit of yellowish lights. however, even after the replacement, I still can see the same thing on the new TV as well. so I doubt if this is a normal thing with the TV or the model. I cant say if this will last in the long run. 	2 stars	  07 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Best in the Market with low price.  Sound quality is bit less.  Picture quality is good. Freeze option is very good. USB reading is less. 	4 stars	  05 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Very bad experience in this LED Tv, after 2 replace not working from cable connection. After see the price i decide to buy this LED TV, but this Micromax 32B200HDi not operation from cable, Micromax expert say change the motherboard, Finaly i Cancel my order. 	1 star	  28 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  services and what they are claiming is entirely opposite i purchased tv on 14 feb 2015. and they claimed within 48 hrs every thing will be done but so far no person has come installed my TV.   Very Very bad services and product also. 	1 star	  17 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  i brought this product last two months ago its so great picture clarity first for few days while you brought the clarity will be low but after a month it will automatically adjust your IPS display make sure you are using a HD DTH connection for better experience   review for this 32 are  sound 2 picture clarity 4.5 special features 5 1. the sound is tooooooooo low it wont set for a larger hall want a 2.1 or 5.1ch home theater 2. it has a amazing picture clarity 3.many features it supports all formats of vedio even my dad's sony wont support some kind of formats 4.it detect my 1tb hard disk cant imagine  5.1 USB slot but 2 HDMI that has a point 	5 stars	  17 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I brought this product 6 months before. I don't find any problem with it till now. Pros: 1. Aesthetic appearance (nothing less than others.. Sony, samsung) 2. Sound  3. Colour 4. Clarity  Don't think its Indian product and may not be good. Its really worth for the money.. Just go for it.. 	5 stars	  14 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  A new step, towards TV manufacturing... company 'Micromax'  WAPPyyy... just awesome product... and awesome delivery by Flipkart, and also awesome service by 'Micromax' after received...  And All r in time AND in same Day... 	5 stars	  14 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  orem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets co 	3 stars	  10 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  very bad service 	1 star	  09 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Dont look any further if your budget is below 25k. Display quality will blow you away, even the sound quality is excellent.   Best of all, FK got the tv installed in my home within 30hrs flat. 	5 stars	  09 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV on exchange offer and got it delivered through Flipkart on the 3rd day. Got the Installation within 5 hours of delivery on a saturday, though Flipkart said installation will not be done on saturday & Sundays. So far so good product. Only con i see is that the image pixels look blurred when looked too close. Apart from these its a great buy for a mid sized room. Highly satisfied with the service & offers of Flipkart. 	4 stars	  08 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  why do u want to give people gadgets like this....there are no many option..and windows are very poor designed..and no clarity picture...no possible location customer care...and repairing centers....why are you cheating people by showing low price for things like this...stop misleading people.. 	1 star	  07 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hello Friends,  I purchased this TV almost 7 months before.I have no issues with this product till now.  I am very happy with TV display,sound and it is more than worth for its price.  Jai Ho for indian Brand....! 	4 stars	  07 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I would request every customer to stay away from buying this product... since the company is selling damage goods.  I had Ordered the product on 10th jan and received the delivery on 16th .. after unpacking when i switched on the Tv i was shocked to see the damage screen ( black spot in the centre bottom of the tv ) after requesting for exchange couple of times i got another tv in exchange from the company on 5th Feb...  But the major SHOCK was that the same problem was there in the exchange tv too ... its an unnecssarily harresement for a consumer & i feel the flipkart comany should take a Strict action against it. 	1 star	  05 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Bought it 6 months back. No complaints. Working smoothly. As usual no micromax fellow turned up for installation. Poor micromax customer care. 	2 stars	  05 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Very good for the price.clarity and sound is good.delivery and installation is in time.32 days old no problem friends who viewed this TV also ordered for them 	1 star	  04 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Superb clarity dobt buy any high brand like sony samsung etc..this will fullfil all of ur requirements ..sound is good ..connections are superb..clarity is really awesome one..flipkart service is really good..if you want High volume please adjust uEqualizer in settings then it will be good ..it comes with one usb only..I got it at15490rs only at dis price it is really nice 	5 stars	  04 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  This product is value for this price but there is small issue in this model when dark screen comes in the movie that time back light appear in the screen left and right side like a glow. expect this issue The TV is Fine, and service also very good, like installation, technical service and flipkart customer service. 	4 stars	  03 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  This TV is really nice. Absolutely worth of paying 17k. Clarity is good not an issue. But im rating it with 4 is because speaker is not loud enough. 	4 stars	  02 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  very nice product and very good packaging in flipkart but the sound is little slow otherwise good product and chief and best to buy 	4 stars	  29 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  you have safetly shipment,of not when led was damaged in shipment whoes the respansbility,gaurenty was appiycabale in all plasses or not and home delivery you have or not 	2 stars	  26 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have been using this product for a week. No issues in functionality  Pros - Video quality is really great when compared to any other brand at average price Cons - Audio volume is very very low you have to place your ear inside the speaker then only you can hear sound a bit. Even the headphones are pretty bad.Its really bad than a 60 rs speaker 	3 stars	  24 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Picture quality is not that much good in compare to other standard brands as sony or LG. Sound quality is too poor in this LED. And one more thing that this is not pure LED it's near to LED. Otherwise my perspective about this TV is so positive cause I got this product with good features, without any defect & in low price that other brand couldn't provide. 	4 stars	  23 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  The tv looks value for money but nonetheless, it has some draw backs. The sound quality is not good. One might need external speakers. The menu pop ups looks faby'.   While the "Plus" points are, the TV supports all formats of inputs and the ports are well located. The channel swap option for manual channel edit and picture freeze are new. All other standard features are available as in S & L brands. 	4 stars	  21 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have ordered this TV for my home. Very disappointed after found audio problem..It sounds like old radio..Our tamilnadu govt provided free TV, That TV sound is too gud compare with this LED TV....and also This product not supporting many formats..if you want to test ur product, play some songs using ur pendrive..I have done all setting changes,but no use.. I have placed return order..lets see the customer service from flipkart end.  Without verifying quality, how come flipkart/MM sell this online????? In my friends circle, 3people bought this product, but they didnt started to use this TV..Not sure about that TVs also... 	1 star	  21 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  It is Good Television @ Flipart in Low Prices. The Picture Quality is much Better compare to another TV.Sound is low but sufficient for this Television. 	4 stars	  21 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Best LED TV in this budget.Go for it ...Its awesome  I am using since 7 months,,,,no problem at all  I would rate it 9.5/10 	5 stars	  19 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV just came a day on the preferred day.. but the installation local team made a complete mess.. after 15 to 20 calls and repeated remainder they came.. For the price TV will blow you... Superb quality.. for flipkart four stars 	4 stars	  18 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  First impression on swithing on the TV - Suberb. Thanks to Flipkart for a faster and safer delivery and a quick installation. Many of my known advised me not to by a TV of Micromax brand. But after using it for 2 Days I can say that they should reconsider their advise. The picture quality is as good as other Brands like LG, Samsung or Sony etc. Sound is also decent. Just the quality of sound could have more clear, but is more than OK at this price range. I have attached my PC and 2.1 speakers with it and are working good. Overall a nice product. I recommend this TV to all who are looking to buy a similar kind of TV with lower price. Exceeds my expactations. Nice work done Micormax. 	5 stars	  12 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  The picture quality is very good, The product got delivered to me in just 2 days and the very next day the micro max service man came to install the product. The Sound is going to be a issue for all those who are used to listen to tv at a higher volume(like i do). You would definitely need Home Theater speakers to enhance sound quality! I bought F & D Speakers and after that the experience is quite great. But i must admit the product looks very beautiful 	3 stars	  11 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  About TV:-  Voice Quality only problem, In case of USB its very low but u can connect speakers Itll be superb. When u comes to Cable tv or Tata Sky Volume Is Very Good enough. U can connect ur Laptop by using HDMI cable.  About Flipkart:-  Ordered On 21st Nov'14, Delivered on 23rd and installed On 25th Nov... Took only 4 days thanks to flipkart.  	5 stars	  11 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Bought this product from Flipkart. The delivery happened in the 2 days. Got delivered on a Sunday. The installation call from Micromax was right on time and in the next 2 days, the TV was installed and running. I recommend to buy it from Flipkart. 	5 stars	  11 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV at Flipkart. The delivery was great. Use the TV for a couple of months now. The display was good but the sound is poor. We need to keep it in 50 for a normal volume. But comparing the price range it was ok. We were not able to integrate my Sony home theatre DVD player for sound in this TV, which we were doing in my old LG Tv....ie. the normal TV sound can be heard through the DVD player. 	4 stars	  11 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this product on December 8 ,2014 which delivered to my friend in Mysore as i am staying in Coorg. But i forget to enter installation address . I updated it on December 12 . I was much disappointed with FK s service . They dont have co ordination with each other departments. I called 5 times for installation ,Each time the executives promises installation will be done with in 24 to 48 hours . . Finally they done installation only on 10 december ,2015. I am happy with performance of product , I recommend everyone to buy as it is great Indian product at very affordable price . Dont look further if u r budget is around 15 k. 	5 stars	  11 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this under exchange against my 29inch crt tv which was working perfectly! Now I cannot get my old tv back also I am at the mercy of flipkart to provide me with replacement(which I don't know if it will have same low volume problem) FK cust support is good but this product's volume is so low that it can be heard at full volume ( 100 points) if you are sitting next to TV. Its volume at 100% is unsuitable for even a small room; don't even consider buying it for a bigger room. Buyer Beware ! If you plan for an exchange to buy this TV and for some reason are not satisfied with new TV, you will get only money back but YOU WILL NEVER GET YOUR OLD TV BACK so in the end you will be without a TV. Choose wisely and stay away from this product. I am repenting because I bought this. 	1 star	  10 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Product is very nice.. Video quality is awesome.. easy to setup :) only one flaw in that product, audio is not that good. But still its a good product to buy for this price. :) 	4 stars	  07 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  based on price its a good product...good to take this product..................................................... 	3 stars	  07 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Received TV with Audio issue.  After struggling so much and calling Flipkart customer care n number of times got the replaced one.   Even after keeping volume to 100 in both volume and power audio till clarity of voice is not good.   Installation will not be done until call customer care.  Cost wise good product.   But service/replacement is not good from flipkart.   	3 stars	  06 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I purchased this product 8 months back... Good picture quality,  Value for money.. Initially one needs to adjust contrast & sharpness 	5 stars	  29 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I purchased 32b200hd from amazon during 15th august watched that for 2 months and gave it to my sister.It was having  1) 2 USB,  2 ) location of USB port was a way near to the edge so that it was easy to plug in.  All these important things are not present in 32b200hdi.  The display quality is good.  First I thought the sound qulity is very poor however Stop the surround sound feature & increase the volume level using volume button on remote. It is pretty good. default volume is around 30 and increasing it to 50 is enough.  Someone mentioned that the tv doesnot have buttons and user needs to do all actions using remote. it's wrong. at the back side of tv there are few buttons.  Flipkart was very good and delivered tv quickly, gave 2000 Rs off for exchange, the installation guys came on the same day and fit the tv.  A good product as a second TV. if you are having budget constraint then good as first tv as well :)  I am watching it on SD connection and quality is OK. Not tried on HD box. 	4 stars	  29 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Good tv .Nice clarity. but you can actually hear the sound only if the volume is 50. USB supports all formats.   But the clarity is equal to that of LG. 	3 stars	  26 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  This is awesome. worth it. except for the remote, could have been better quality. The delivery is quick. Installation was hassle free. 	4 stars	  25 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  In no way less than Samsung and Sony, You can save money because Micromax plant is in Uttrakhand tax free Zone. Be Indian buy Indian 	5 stars	  23 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  sound problem only....................................................................................................................................... 	2 stars	  23 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hi, I got the LED on time; however, a person didn't come to install the things at my home which was just 5 minutes away from my given address. That was bit disappointment. 	4 stars	  23 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  This is good for who wants 32 LED in low range. i am using it without any remark. picture clarity is good, sound is verygood 	1 star	  23 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  cool tv at this price.  THanks to Flipkart and Micromax.   ,,,,,,,,........................................................................................................................................................................ 	5 stars	  23 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  It feels awesome when I get a world class product tagged with 'Made In India' and getting it delivered by India's most trusted E-commerce with their excellent behavior! 	5 stars	  20 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Got Delivered in One Day installation was bid late overall The product is the best product which i had in my electronics Collection AT considerably low price Thumps UP FK 	5 stars	  20 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hi Every One purchase from flipkart its a Awesome sound clarity is also good picture quality i am fully satisfied i received in one day thanks to flipkart for giving awesome product for me .  Jagadeesh kumar.PN 	5 stars	  19 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I am a user of micromax phone more than a year.The phone was solved my purpose. Thought giving you a try with MM TV Set. When micromax launched the TV in Flipkart there is no delivery option for my pincode. Finally they provided the option...  The delivery was on time by Flipkart.  The service engineer came next day to install the TV. product is OK to go... Sound quality not that much good.. 	4 stars	  17 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Product is good in this price range. Screen quality is excellent, sound quality is good. Look is good. I am going to give it 4.5 stars but for installation service i am impressed. So i am giving 5 stars :) 	5 stars	  17 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Branded product with great discount. Exchange benefit is excellent. Timely delivery. Installation withing 24 hrs.  I paid 13k for the product and with the features and Audio/Video Quality it is definitely worth.  It is an outstanding experience.  	5 stars	  01 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Got this TV as a replacement for my old Sony CRT. Flipkart gave an exchange of 2K, which was really great. I already have a Samsung 40' and this was for the bedroom.   Observations - 1. A/V - 5/8 - Overall experience - Satisfying 2 Dont like the beige color at the bottom of the panel. All black would have been so much better 3 Ports on the LHS. Would have been great if the ports were on the RHS 4. Remote quality could have been better 	4 stars	  28 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  NEVER BUY PRODUCTS FROM THIS WEBSITE AS THEY SELL DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS. THE SOUND IS NOT AT ALL UPTO THE MARK AND THIS IS THE REASON FOR DISCOUNT. I WISH I COULD RATE THIS PRODUCT IN NEGATIVE. 	1 star	  23 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  The product, is decent. You get what you pay for. An above average LED which can also connect 2 HDMI and play all famous video format's via USB.  Flipkart 1) Great job with delivery. Did as committed. 2) Poor on the post delivery installation, I got my call from the engineer on the 4th day, that was despite my repeated reminders each day. I ended up installing the TV through a local technician and FK was courteous enough to credit the charges. However, the customer service team has for sure gone downward in the last year. I remember a year back when i ordered and called FK CC for a request to see if they can deliver the product a day before, the CCR would take interest and I would feel that they were actually feeling accountable and they never let me down. Today, you call and you get a scripted response, 24 to 48 hr tat spiel. Not impressed, seems the the Elephant has indeed fallen after all. Good short run. R.I.P. 	3 stars	  15 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  About The Product :-  Big Fat Texla ( Old Working CRTV for 2000/-) & Got This For 13740/- (LED 720P WOWW!!)  Pros  All The Movie Formats(flv,avi,mpg etc) & Subtitles(.srt) Working..Jpgs + Mp3 + Text. 1 x USB & 2 X HDMI & A VGA Port & Vga Port Not To Be Found In Any Other Brands & 2 RGB Ports (2 AV'S) Video Clarity & 1 Tb Hard Disk Also Compatible Which Was Not Recognized In Panasonic & Onida & Toshiba Lower Than 22k Range Leds & Interface Wasnt Good Also..In This Price Its Superb Deal.  Cons:-  1.Voice Quality..In Case Of USB Its Very Low But You Can Buy Some Cheap Speakers It Will B Superb As It Has An Aux Point With It & When It Comes To Cable Tv (Spectranet/Airtel/Tata Sky) Volume Is Good Enough It Works On 50% Of Volume As All These Setup Boxes Have Their Own Volume Control.  2. 1 x USB Port. 3. Remote Is Not That Responsive.  About Flipkart:-  Ordered On 9th Nov, Delivered On 15th Nov & Was Expected On 13th So Overall Service Was Bit Delayed But Alast Several Follow Up & 5 To 6 Calls Backend People Were Helpful.. 	5 stars	  15 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I have received the TV on 07 Nov and till 13 Nov for commissioning no one had come. The TV i have received was a defective once and when i called to the customer care they told technician will come and see within 48 hrs then only they can replace the product.No one came and i called back after two days they told me to wait for one more 48 hrs.  When i made the return request through online te next day it got automatically updated as problem resolved.This is the system they have.with all poor communication.   This is the kind of service they could provide.  Finally i am still holding the defective piece waiting for the service engg to come. 	1 star	  15 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Baught this on 9th Nov . I cud able to instal my self. But When Connected through Local Cable with digital setup box, Voice is not at all clear. TV meanst for Video and Audio. Video clarity was gud. So Again I have to buy speakers of works worth 1000. Ordered F & D 2.1 speakers. 	3 stars	  12 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  best tv in this price only the problem is low sound it is better for normal viewers but who love music they need buy speakers 	5 stars	  11 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I have bought this T.V on 1st November 2014. The Overall customer handling by flipkart was very good :) & the service engineer install the T.V within 2 days which was very good. I am totally impressed about the picture quality & sound of this product. kudos flipkart & Micromax! 	4 stars	  11 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  There is no response from Micromax for insttallation,they told installation take place within 48 hours iit took more than 3 days,till there is no response from micro max.Dont buy Micromax because service worst 	1 star	  10 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  very good tv for this budget in fact the best one at this price range.. does its job well... clarity is good.... one thing that could have been better that is sound, which is very much manageable... the tv was delivered in about 2 days but it was installed the next day... overall a good job by flipkart..... there is every reason to buy this tv at this price.... 	4 stars	  09 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Nice TV for this budget. Its play all video Format in USB Sound Quality also good  Cons Remote quality could be better 	5 stars	  08 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I wanted a 2nd TV and you can't find a better deal for 32 inch LED. Flipkart delivered earlier than promised and the TV works really well. I have read reviews about Sound quality and incompatibility to work with 5.1 speaker system etc...well, for 16 K this is what you will get :-). I find the picture and sound good enough and as I said, it will be a good 2nd TV. 	5 stars	  08 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I am looking for a new tv and this one suits my need but I had horrible experience with micromax. I am finding difficult to trust micromax and buy this one. 	3 stars	  07 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Awesome clarity, sound effect compared to SAMSUNG & other brand..  Flipkart 100% perfect no words to say.. With in 2 days i got my product with out any damage.  thanks to flipkart........................................................... 	4 stars	  06 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  This is very good TV at this price range and also has very good audio quality. None of the other brand with 2 USB/2 HDMI port comes in this price range. color and brightness is also very good. I am not using a HD set-top-box xbut still the picture quality is real good. 	5 stars	  31 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Setting are totally customizable. It can play total HD video with no distortion - 800MB/4mins HD videos. Thanks Micromax for such great product. Also thanks to flipkart. 	5 stars	  06 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  initially i felt it only lacked clarity....but now i feel it lacks proper hardware and software....now i can never see the full screen working at the same time....same with the sound...as if the screen has hiccups... 	1 star	  29 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  The Product is very good compared to its price..Delivered very next day itself...But got installed after 1 week only.... 	5 stars	  22 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Why this product is not available in pune. For every pin code its not deliverable.Customer care executive has given me no 18002089898 which is US no not Flikarts.Please some one from flipkart take my concern forward. 	1 star	  22 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  If you can live with a blarring speaker then only go for it. Alternatively invest in some good external speakers. Display is good at this price. As usual delivery of Flipkart was up to the mark. The product which was delivered to me ha a sound issue. It took nearly 1 month struggling with Flipkart to have a replacement. I'm scared now of buying any other product from Flipkart as their replacement policy is fishy. If the brand confirms the product is defective then only they will replace. In my case Micromax team was not ready to confirm the product has a issue. The CS took me on concall and the engineer admitted there was 30-50% defect in the product. How did he evaluate that!!! Its better to spend some extra money and go for Philips, LG or Samsung. 	2 stars	  17 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Excellent Product compared to foreign products!!! Worth for money, it will come with all options, excellent quality in HDMI port. 	5 stars	  16 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Very Bad experience bad quality , not delivery in small city also quality was not good and picture quality is bad 	2 stars	  14 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  I am not able to buy this Tv ... when i entered pincode it is thrown some error saying that no seller is available for that location.......etc.. and please Help me what are the available Pincodes in Bangalore. 	5 stars	  12 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Got delivery the very next day of ordering, installation done with in 24 hours of delivery ,Service persons brings the wall mounting clamp and its free. I have used this TV for 3 weeks,  Video (10/10) Great viewing angle, good color & contrast Audio (10/10)  USB plays almost all the formats & I'm happy with it (some have mentioned that few of formats are not supported, I have not tried those formats)  Black glossy body design looks nice   Over all amazing product at best Price. 	5 stars	  07 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  1st things 1st... Flipkart was amazingly quick with the delivery. Got in on the next day i placed the order at the specific mentioned time. Kudos to that.  The Micromax engineer came the day after to set it up (Hardly needed any set up... very easy for any one with basic know how)  The TV itself... is great value for money. 2 USB + 2 HDMI Ports. Crisp picture. User friendly.  The only worry i had when i read all the reviews was the sound quality. I still went ahead as i thought you'd have to compromise somewhere for the cost. But the sound problem that I now have in hand (which I'm not too displeased with) is to how loud this TV is. I dont quite know what the ppl meant when they wrote about sound probs. This is a beast.  I'd recommend everyone to go for this. Complete Value for money. With the 1 YR warranty. 	5 stars	  02 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart delivered TV on 17th August. But failed to arrange for installation team . its been more than 15 days installation, not yet done...  Bad experience for first time with flip kart shopping as flip kart customer care mainly concentrates on closing ticket, not customer satisfactions 	1 star	  01 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  The best TV under 17 K  * Stylish Look * Good sound for small room if you want more sound buy speaker I ball Q9. I am using it and is giving the best result. *Crystal Clear Picture *Indian brand at a affordable price * Good service from Flip kart  Dont think.. Go for it.   	5 stars	  29 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  it a good product.   * Picture quality is very good.  * Is totally value for money.  * sound quality is also good.  * I connect my 1TB HDD through USB, working very smoothly, also support serious type of movie format, MP3, Text.  overall its a good product in my opinion.  Thanks,  Malay  	4 stars	  27 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart provided awsome delivery. Product is received with in 24 HRS.  TV is working fine.Picture Quality is good and Audio clarity also good. Cheap and best product from MMX 	4 stars	  26 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  I would love to buy this product. But WS Retail dosent ship to 416008,411006 or 411015.. Please suggest some alternative. 	5 stars	  25 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  This is a gr8 TV at this price. Don't think u r buying anything cheap so output would be cheap. It is not so. This TV is quality stuff. Except the sound, but that is the case with all LED TVs. Look at the price of other TVs offered for 32". Unfortunately, u will not find any one near this price. They are all atleast 5K higher. So, moral of the story is that "if you don't want to spend much and still want to enjoy the benefits of LED TV, this product is for you". U won't regret it. Fortunately, I bought it in the Deal of the Day-Price-15K. Isn't it Wow. The delivery, installation, etc was also gr8. Thank you Flipkart. Caution: Pl don't compare it with other high end TVs above 40K range. If you are too quality conscious and your budget is not restricted, then you may ignore this TV. 	5 stars	  23 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hi All,  I did not knew that the Flip Cart service is So worst or else I would have never opted for it. I ordered this TV on 11thAugust 2014. Now check what happens: 1. The TV gets delivered on 12th August 2014. 2. The Technician can for installation on 16th August 2014 (i.e. for 4 days the TV was just kept in the box ) 3. On the day Technician came, it was noticed that the TV is defective. Technician tells me to contact filpkart to get replacement. 4. I call them and tell them the whole scenario but even when their Technician has already told that there is a fault, they want another Technician to check the TV. I accept that. 5. The Technician comes on 21st Aug and told that there is fault but he has to open and check the TV (Remember that the TV is yet not used). I told him that you want to open the TV itself means that there is some issue in the TV. But he still doesnt accepts. 6. He opens and tells there is fault in the PCB, writes something on a paper and leaves saying please call your dealer i.e. FLIPKART. 7. I am calling Flipkart from that day and they keep saying we will forward your call , Our executive will call you by day end, We can transfer your money if you dont want the product but it will take 12 working days , We can transfer your money into your flipkart account but this will take 4-5 days. 8. Finally today they messaged me We have escalated your issue to the concerned team. We will resolve your problem by 2nd Sept, 7:00 PM  Guys please help me what should I do in this case. From 11th August to 2nd September..   One more thing came up here, I have to compulsory rate the product atleast 1 start as without that the review wont be submitted. 	1 star	  23 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  I am very happy with this product given its price. Display is good, unlike other reviews I am happy with sound as well, that may be because of my hall accoustics. 2 HDMI ports are handy.  Delivery and installation was on time. But as is the case with Micromax mobiles, the real test is after a year or two of usage.  Only thing I am unhappy about is price fluctuation on Flipkart. I ended up paying 1000 more. 	4 stars	  22 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Simply too awesome... Playing some mkv files (less size) Best product in this price sound also good. I dont need high sound for my family.So its enough . Power audio facility also good while watch hd films. I am satisfied more then enough. 	5 stars	  22 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  It was amazing experience with flipkart, super cooool service, excellent packing, highly appreciate service, was bang on time, I think delivery was much earlier than expected, was around 8.30am when I took delivery, 	5 stars	  21 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  I purchased this TV Micromax 32B200HD this month only. The service guy came two setup after this was delivered. This deliver and setup could have been planned simultaneously.  Product is real good. Only sound not upto the mark. At this price Micromax has delivered well. 	4 stars	  19 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV from flipkart last week, first i want to thank Flipkart for the excellent delivery, too good service, packing is excellent. This TV is an excellent, we won't get a TV in the market with these features for this price, the sound is awesome and the picture is also good, if you use a HD connection then it looks awesome.Compared to other high branded tv's, this one is little thicker in size, there is no much difference only a little, but the appearance is very good and also the remote is very sylish.I think this product is 100% worth for the money we spend.  Those who don't want to spend too much money for buying a TV, you can go for this, absolutely no doubt, it's a good product.  	4 stars	  19 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Awesome product !!!  It is an budget TV which satisfies all your needs !!! Highly recommended.  Make sure you have an HD connection to have a good quality watching. 	5 stars	  19 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Delivery from flipkart was pretty good and I got the TV second day of ordering. Service from Micromax isn't the best, they called me after 4 days of delivery for installation which is quiet late and I had got the TV installed by then. I would like to mention a few downside which a user must know before buying. This model has 2 HDMI ports and 2 USB which makes it the best buy and the only TV in the range of 15000-25000. What I didn't like about the model is that both the HDMI and 1 USB is given in the rear and if you mouting it on wall it becomes inaccessible. To add to my woes both the HDMI are place hardly with a gap of 0.5 cm, so you can hardly use both the ports at one go.  To solve my problem I need to buy an HDMI extension and if I was aware of the problem I would have preferred buying Micromax 32T42ECHD instead of this model. 	3 stars	  18 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hi,  I received the product very next day of booking it. Later, I was in a dilemma, whether I should call micromax customer care for installing it or not ???? But for my surprise, within 3 hrs of delivery, I got a call saying that the service person will come and will get the TV installed THAT TOO ON A SUNDAY :) .. He installed the TV and explained about different features of the same.. This is in BANGALORE. Not sure about other places.   Reviews about TV - Its an awesome product at that price. Sound is bit low and not clear. Micromax has to work on that. Rest all - just amazing It can play almost all movie formats. 	4 stars	  18 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Satisfied but the shipping for this product is limited.it'll be better to extend the shipping to other regions. 	4 stars	  18 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  The stars are for FLIPKART more than the TV. The TV itself is value for money. Two issues are 1) The volume is limited and once wall mounted its difficult to reach most of the ports. Use and extender and external powered speakers and you shud be fine. Coming back to FLIPKART, 5 stars on several service counts. The replacement was as lightning fast as the initial delivery. A word on ther training, getting uniform service level execution across different staff members is something they have got right. THE IS A UBUFORMITY OF THE HIGH LEVEL OF COURTEOUS SERVICE FROM 4 DIFFERENT MEMBERS OF THE STAFF AT DIFFERENT TIMES is difficult to achieve in the best of times, but to do it in the Kolkata is a feat in itself. FLIPKART take a bow and gaurd against complecence.  A word on the telephine response - its good but not great but then i am comparing these to your own high standards. Measured against most other service providers it wud come up in the top five... 	5 stars	  16 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV on 12th Aug around 2 PM and got I scheduled my delivery at 7 PM next day. It was delivered right on time. Kudos Flipkart; as always.  Coming to the purchase, I bought for price Rs16,000 + 10% cash back through SBI card, that makes the price Rs14,400. Thats a good deal, isn't it. The delivery person was prompt and good. They delivered me to my second floor house without a fuss; and it was raining by the way. Appreciate the delivery person.  The Product: I was skeptical in taking a decision for a long time with the mixed reviews floating around on this product. Did a lot of research and came to a stage to take a risk for this price. And it paid.. I tell you, this is an awesome package for this price. Picture quality was outstanding and played almost all format files from my USB drive. Audio quality I didnot find any problem at all. May be it will take sometime to test out all the features. Absolutely satisfied for both Micromax & Flipkart service.  There are other models under Micromax 32" LED for a lesser price, but I don't think it will have comparative quality with this one - 32B200 HD.  My opinion: Good to go for a price anywhere less than 17K. If it is comes near to 20K then there are always other options. But otherwise its a great product; value buy. 	5 stars	  14 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Its not available in Major cities like Delhi-NCR/Chandigarh.  Please let know when the same will be available. 	1 star	  14 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  i m giving out this after 2month  in short i tell u that all over tv is awersum must buy i m much happy with the product 	5 stars	  13 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this LED TV via Flipkart about two weeks back. Absolutely satisfied with Flipkart's delivery as well as the product. I placed the order at around 12 PM and next morning at 8 AM, the product was delivered! The delivery guy even opened the pack for me and checked if everything is fine. As far as the product is concerned, Micromax is truly doing some good product development and coming up with above average products. I have been using this TV since the last two weeks and couldnt find any issue with it at all. The sound quality is also very good.  Micromax and Flipkart surely have one happy customer here with this sale. 	5 stars	  13 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  truly awesome TV, nice quality, picturization, pixel and all........  micromax a great brand now.  flipkart doing a good service too. keep it up.  	5 stars	  10 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  i have recd this product from flipkart less than 24 hr from the delivery time. i thanks to flipkart for delivering of this led tv so early and with proper items without any damage to it and deliveri is free of cost. i dont think it is possible for any brand to give this led tv in range of 17k  	5 stars	  10 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  1. Service by flipkart- amazing service from flipkart, including the highly professional ekart deliver people who were smiling and seemed trained for communication, unlike courier guys. - makes a difference.  2. Service by Micromax - I have seen many reviews about micromax not attending to people within 48 hours. I had a different experience though. This is among the highest selling model not just on flipkart but also elsewhere, and i had anticipated micromax may get delayed. I called their customer care immediately on delivery and requested them to send their person immediately. They obliged and i had the installation person at my house same day, and within 4 hours.  3. The picture quality is to my satisfaction. While SD movies, as expected may show a bit of aliasing, like in any other hd tv, HD movies were a treat to watch.  4. Sound - i have seen many people complaining about sound.. i think they should check if the "Auto Volume" option is the reason they are finding the volume low. In my case the loudness was more than enough for a 200 sqft room.  In USB video, there are some formats where sound is not played (i think where the audio is DTS encoded). Will be great if Micromax can come up with a software upgrade for this. Else the solution would be to play the movie on a laptop and connect it to the tv with a HDMI or VGA cable.  5. User Menu - I liked the simple menu of the TV which covers all the important controls. However for certain elements like "auto volume" and "power volume" i would have loved if Micromax could have these functions explained clearly in their manual.   Overall it is a great value for money product, and gives everything that a similarly priced swanky brand like Sony or Samsung would give at the same price. If you are not shy of showing Micromax logo in your main room, you can really save a lot of money and get this great product. 	4 stars	  10 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Very happy with Flipkart on the delivery promise * ordered on 28th July around noon and got the product delivered @ home the next day 29th July...Super show * there was an issue with the installation - was promised the installation would take place within 24-48 hours...but post multiple follow ups with Flipkart Customer Service finally got the TV installed on Saturday, 2nd Aug i.e after 4 days That was not a great experience.... 	3 stars	  06 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  I am using this TV for 2 months without any problem. Good picture quality, sound is also good. Yes it is too early to review an electronics product. Still, in this range or frankly within 25K this is the best TV. 32 inches samsung or any other company will cost over 30k definitely. So if you have got a new job and need a TV in your flat, or planning to buy a TV for 3-4 years, this is the best TV. GO FOR IT!! 	5 stars	  05 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  If I see the price for this TV, that is much lower then the other 32 inch LED. I have purchased this from flipkart around 10-15 days back. I am fully satisfied with the product quality and the delivery from flipkart.   But, the technician from micromax has came to install the TV after 3-4 days and after lot of escalations and followup. I am just worried about if I will have any problem in future, would I receive proper service from micromax? It is really a big question..  Thanks to flipkart to manage my temper at this kind of situation also by giving and asking me regular updates. 	4 stars	  04 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  The TV is alright for the price. Flipkart delivered real quick but they advised not to open the packaging until the Micromax guys come and install it. If you open the box yourself the 30 day return warranty gets void. I waited for 5 days for the Micromax technician to arrive and install the TV. In the end I had to take the risk and installed this TV myself. If Flipkart can get the installation done in time, this TV is a good choice. 	5 stars	  04 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  An indian product at affordable price...  Trust me people, you get much features for the price you pay.  My overall rating for the product is 8/10 and for flipkart services is 10/10. Neately packed, faster and timely delivery.  There is a delay in installation and demo by the company and the same be for any service related problems from their end to resolve.  A good deal for people who are looking for 32" LED HD TV at this price range. 	4 stars	  04 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  hi teamflipkart,   Am satisfied with flipkart service .When will the micromax led tv available in tamilnadu, please make it soon. 	1 star	  02 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Awesome LED in this price. except low rating of sound system(effect) every thing is very good. I home everybody specially kids are enjoying 	5 stars	  31 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  First of all thanks to flipkart as i have recvd the TV withing 15hrs of booking & delivery person demonstrated the things available in the BOX, about tv its an Amazing crystal clear picture with sound, today i have played all most all the format videos ...this is my one day experience...Thanks to flipkart & micromax. 	5 stars	  30 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  i searched a lot to buy a TV for less then 20000, i am buying it Specially Playing games and TV. Worth for Money.. Good Quality and enjoying Much watching HD Movies and Videos.. 	5 stars	  30 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  it is infact a good tv at this price...although sound is a bit less....but the display n other things are good......apart from sound....another drawback is that the menu loading is a bit slow....apart from all....its a very good tv....!!! 	3 stars	  29 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  MICROMAX LED TV IS OF REALLY VERY GOOD QUALITY, CRYSTAL CLEAR PICTURE QUALITY, VERY GOOD SOUND SYSTEM, 	5 stars	  29 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Really good. I used micromax turbo first for more than one year. With tat trust i brought this. Its working good till now. With highest quality. I connected Setup box of PAL resolution. and I connected pc having graphics card which supports 4k and its working good. Above native resolution. 	4 stars	  28 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I definitely recommend this worthy purchase.. Too good for a smashing Price. The Product is good & very much comparable with all its counterparts from Sony/LG/Samsung. 	4 stars	  27 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Have been using this product for 2 months now. Great product. Only drawback is the volume levels. You certainly need external speakers with this one. 	5 stars	  26 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hi,  I bought a this model (Micromax 32B200 32 inch) TV in June from another seller(not flipkart). The TV was delivered to Mangalore. The TV was working fine but the remote was defective.  I tried looking for Service Center online and I find that Mangalore has no Micromax Service Center. I called up Udupi Micromax Service Center and they gave me the phone number of a contact person in Mangalore who has not yet set up his Service Center. I register a defective remote complaint in Micromax service through phone call. The person never turns up. I then decided to carry the remote to Bangalore and get the service done.  After 50 days, I register a defective remote complaint again at Bangalore through phonecall. The next day a service center person(I guess the manager) calls and asks me the address to send the service center technician. He gives me the phone number of the technician. I call up the technician and he tells me to call back after 30 minutes because he is busy. After 30min I call him up and tell him about the case number and I tell him that only the remote is available. He tells me that he will come the next day morning.  Its 12:15 noon and there is no call from technician. I call up the person and he asks me the number of days since I bought the TV. I tell him that its 50 days and he informs the same to his manager. He then tells me that the remote cannot be serviced without the TV set. I tell him that I have the Bill and the Warranty card with me. He hands over the phone to his manager. His manager tells me that they can service the remote only if its less than 30 days(don't know from where they come to this logic) and he says that he will charge me for the service. I tell him that the warranty is for 6 months and not having a service center at Mangalore is not the customer's problem. He tells me that he will send a mail to his manager and then let me know.  I called up the customer care again and explained my situation. He tells me that he will put my case on high priority. He gives me his manager's number and asks me to call him up and explain the situation.  Todate, the remote is still not repaired. I still wonder if all this hassle is worth it. I would have rather bought a TV with better service and brand.  The TV quality is good but you can't do anything without the remote.  I'LL NEVER EVER BUY A MICROMAX TV. PLEASE THINK ABOUT SERVICE BEFORE YOU BUY ONE. 	1 star	  25 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  For the price, you can't compare this set with anything else. I mostly use the tv as a giant tablet, connecting my google tv on it. Thanks to its multiple port options, it can easily become a smart tv, I have played hi-definition movies on it from my USB and the picture is absolutely stunning.  However, there are quality control issues that Micromax need to sort out fast. My TV came with a defective remote controller. Called up Flipkart and it got replaced within 8 days. After that, no issues so far. The delivery though, was as promised, within 2 days.  Lot of people are complaining about the sound quality here. Yes, the sound cracks after a certain level if you select the sound presets that come with the set. The speakers don't respond to bass well. I have sorted it out lowering the bass. However, these days I am using an external speaker. Frankly, LCD tvs don't have great sound if you are not paying well enough for it. This is a hell lot of package for the price and I am glad I bought it. Four stars for the lack of quality control issues. 	4 stars	  25 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this product on Sunday and I received it on next itself.Thanks for Flipkart for the fast service. Micromax service engineer also contacted me in time for installation and it was also smooth. coming to the TV: I wanted a TV which suits my budget and i got it. It has nice picture quality , sound etc. It also plays movies with various formats like avi,mp4 etc. i connected my 500 GB hard disk but it did nt work . Rest is fine. I surely recommend this INDIAN Micromax product in future also to all my friends who are interested . I have to see the service of Micromax post installation. 	4 stars	  24 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  perfect TV for a small apartment with small living room.... right size and resolution for movies and TV viewing experiance 	4 stars	  24 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I am going to buy this TV but just wanted to know some of the things below.  Can anyone confirm does this TV support H.264 video codec with audio codec AAC AC3 as a large mkv file format?  I have seen some negative comments like it has some artificial skin tones, is it true? 	4 stars	  24 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hi, This is the second time I'm buying anything from Flipkart. I had a wonderful experience. The order was received with 2 days and I'm very happy about this. Also happy that I got it for a very low price of 14,490Rs. Almost 5,000 less than retails around Bangalore.  Thanks Keep up the offers ;)  	5 stars	  23 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  dear seller,   i like this product and i want this one .. but u don't deliver in my address.. so, please do needful help me. 	5 stars	  22 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  best in 10 k i could get    awsome 	5 stars	  22 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  This is an excellent Indian Product. I am happy that this is INDIAN . Normally we all think that Indians and Indian products are hopeless , thirdclass. Be INDIAN and Buy Indian. Why buy some Japanese , Chinese Product !. Good Job Micromax. Jai Hind 	5 stars	  20 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	   Excellent delivery from flipkart. Flipkart arranged installation within 48 working hours as promissed. Coming to product. Using this from last 10 days, for 16k u can not expect more. But what ever you get in medium varient of sony and samsung u will get it. If you compare to sony video will not that good. But obviously reasonably video quality. Sound quality is also good for home use if you are not a music lover. I could not find any negative. 	5 stars	  19 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  You may certainly go for It.. M using the product for around 2 months now...And the quality of the product compelled me to review it... Picture quality :- Awesome I have undergone few earlier reviews..Sound is not that bad as people are talking..Anyways you don't run LED's without home theater or an external woofer...Plays most of the Audio and Video Formats.. You can't get better than this at this price at least..Last but not the Least..Product is INDIAN..So thumbs Up...Just go for It... 	5 stars	  19 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  This is an awesome product. Ordered it on 11th july 9 PM and got it delivered on 13th 10AM. The installation took 2 days though, but once installed, it is running like a charm. Superb picture quality, sound lags a little but it doesn't matter since it is a LED TV. A must buy for this price range. 	5 stars	  16 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Definitely go for this product if you are looking for 32" HD ready screen. Excellent image quality. Sound is on bit downside, but u can always use an external speaker. Also, have problem in playing some .mkv files (no audio comes in that case). But, plays other files as butter. It is value for money. Got this delivered in 48 hr as promised by Flipkart. Also, kudos to Micromax team, they installed it in just 2 hr after the delivery. Great product, heavily recommended! 	5 stars	  16 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this product from flip-kart and its one of the best in this class considering the price. Apart from the sound quality, everything is just perfect and the best is it looks. Received the product at the given time and installed by micromax technician the very same day as requested by me. The Customer care service was very kind and helpful especially who took my call " sorry forgot the names". Don't think back, just go ahead and grab this product. Enjoy....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 	5 stars	  15 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  100% worth and request to introduce PC in TV as full fledged all in one  good display easy connectivity easy to operate  good service  	5 stars	  15 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Superb service  Product Delivered on time and installation also done within 3 hrs of delivery......... MMX ROXXX!!!!!!!! its nothing like anything....... also a warm thanxx to flipkart.... 	5 stars	  14 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this tv last week. As usual delivery was in time by flipkart that was on Friday, as scheduled. Till now i have received no call for installation even after informing flipkart three times. Please let me know when would i receive the call. Reviews on the product is a later thing. 	4 stars	  14 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Having used LED and LCD TVs of different brands before, I was surprised at the quality of this TV.   It is a very good DEAL at this price and works fine.  Don't know why would people want to buy a 32 inch LED of a higher price anyway. 	5 stars	  12 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I received the product in good condition. Installation was done perfectly on next day.  Biggest problem I found is with the video format it excludes. it lacks for mkv file format.  Rest is good as per the pricing.  picture quality is also ok. ( i only use it for movies through pendrive) sound is poor. ( i attached external sound speakers)   Overall.. its a value for money. 	3 stars	  12 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Product was good and picture clarity is awesome and even I tried with usb 1080p movie it ran smooth.Price is worth. But the installation part took time as no one came to install so I did it myself. 	5 stars	  11 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Picture quality is good,a nice product for the amount when compared to others.A better HD Technology ie Full HD technology or HD Ready technology and greater resolution gives the user a better picture clarity.HDMI ports allow users to play High Definition Content on the Television 	5 stars	  09 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  The TV was delivered exactly in one day. Excellent service, however the installation was not done even after 3 days. Extremely disappointed with the same. I got the new TV in exchange of the old one however still without installation. I hope flipkart takes notice of this that Along with the delivery of the TV the installation too has to be done. 	3 stars	  08 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  After using the product for 1 month i am writing this review.I paid rupees 16,299/- and ordered the TV on 30th May and got it delivered and installed on 31st May. This is what AMAZING about flipkart.Guys the delivery was just awesome and hasselfree. Kudos and 5 star to flipkart for the delivery.  Lets come to the PROS about the TV Very good picture quality, with NON-HD setup box also i am getting a good picture Sound is also good..I read some reviews regarding bad sound quality but i feel sound is decent (though i am using external speakers) I could be watch movies on my pen-drive..just plug and play If you are little budget constraints then i am telling you this the best value for money LED TV. I checked in Flipkart similar 32 inch LED TV are costing more than 22,000/ in average. Why should you pay more just for some style/brand, anyway the life of these LED TVs are not more than 6-7 years..  Lets come to CONS The style and looks is average For some file format i am not getting sound while playing movies through USB The remote is not universal..i have to use both Setupbox and TV remote  I will give 4 stars to the TV. 1 star missing for the looks.  In one line..If you don't want to spend your hard earning money just for style and brand then i recommend this TV to you all.  Now come to the interesting part..After using the TV for 1 week suddenly i had a problem with one speaker. Sound was not coming from one speaker. Then i called the FK customer-care.After doing some follow-up with them the technician came to my house and could found the problem. The problem was with the cable that connects from setup-box to TV. After replacing the cable now everything is working fine. I had an amazing experience with the FK Customercare for resolving my issue..and i wish FK to continue the similar service to customer post delivery of the product.  	4 stars	  07 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  It is a great product with very good service and price , I am very happy to buy this product ... :) :) :) 	5 stars	  07 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I have got this TV two days before.Its a Best TV on this Price. Video Quality is wonderful and equal to any other Big Brands like Samsung,LG. But Only Audio is not good but you can overcome with External Speakers.  As usual Flip kart delivered on Scheduled time with Perfect Packing.Thank you. 	4 stars	  07 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Buying from Flipkart will be always awesome. When i'm looking to buy a TV i saw this deal in Flipkart for Just 14,999 , Without any second thought I have ordered it. This time Flipkart has provided the facility to decide delivery time and free demo , As expected they done it OnTime.  Pros: 1. Great Deal at this Price 2. Picture Quality is Good 3.Supports almost all Formats with USB  Cons: 1. Output is very low when Movie played with USB 2.Not supporting Blueray Movies 	4 stars	  07 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Product is good at this price, quick and safe delivery. Installation was in time. Product is recommended for purchase specially from flip kart. 	4 stars	  06 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I am very happy with this product. And mainly nthe the picture quality is very nice. Sound also is like soft and quality voice.  	4 stars	  05 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this last month and got delivery immediately after two working days. It got fixed on the next day by flipkart person. The look and screen resolution are good. Clarity is one of the best features of this. Remote is not looking good, but manageable. 	5 stars	  05 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  This tv is worth of money I spent. Picture quality is good, Sound Quality is fine sround sound, Look is great. Payment mode is customer friendly. Prompt delevery service provided even it is free home delevery. After sale service instalation and demo is also fully setisfied. 	4 stars	  04 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart deliver no doubt is faster & got delivered in 2 days. Micromax installation I'd doubts reading the reviews but the guy came within 48 hours 9:30pm night. Not sure this happened because I'm located in Bangalore and others cities have Micromax installation issues. I'd been an advocate of Mircomax(and people make fun of me for that :-)...) and had been using mobiles sisnce 2009(so far changed 3 mobiles... 1st one got stolen, 2nd one's display gone back because of my son throwing it around and currently usign Canvas HD ever since in came in India). So after some analysis finally thought of taking a bet to buy LED TV from Micrmoax for the first time  Coming to the 32" LED TV 1. Video quality: Went to Pai showroom to compare it with other LED TVs and I was amazed with this. 2. Sound: No need to comment... it's the low point of this product, but if you've a good home theatre system then can overcome this problem. I've done the same. 3. Connectivity: 2 USB ports working fine and even when I connected my 300GB external hard drive, it could easily read and play from that... one issue though when I connect HDD the TV switched off, but when I connected my normal USB key no issues seen. 4. Directly connected to my laptop & can work with the same and I liked that. 5. Most interesting feature what I liked that I can use this a Digital Photo Frame 6. Supports good number of video/audi formats so can directly run the videos taken on mobile.  Overall very very satisfied with what ever feature I got with the competitive products with this price range.   Only thing would be to see the life of the product as how long can it go without having to call the technical support for any issues. 	5 stars	  03 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I ordered Micromax 32 B200 Hd LED TV on flipcart on11th May2014 , with COD option.it was delivered 2 days later i.e.ob13th May 2014 ,free shipping. i checked price on many sites & found FC to be the most attractive. 2 days later it was installed by Micromax Tech. the tv picture as well as audio is of very good quality. We are very happy & content with out TV as well as With Flipcart. 	4 stars	  03 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Good picture quality. But one problem, it cant read hard disc of more capacity. When i insert hard disc it cant read, but if insert pendrive, than it can read. Otherthing is good. 	4 stars	  03 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Really a good product for this cost.Display is good.But for few video formats(Playback through USB) audio out is not coming. Overall it is best. 	4 stars	  03 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Product is very good at this price. Picture clarity is good. Volume could have been better but never mind it is ok for residence. Service of Flipkart is excellent, got the product installed within 3 days. 	4 stars	  03 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Before 1 month i bought this LED. Before purchasing I am very confused about this TV, but it is very good and best deal. Sound quality is better then other brand like LG, Samsung etc. Shipping of this seller is very quick with 1 day of booking. I am very happy with this product and suggest to buy this LED with out hesitation. Wall mounting and other service is also provided by seller. 	5 stars	  03 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  @15800/- its a steal !!! A very decent LED TV 32 inch with great picture quality although it claims to be HD ready the picture quality is almost equivalent to a HD TV. The features are quite easy to use. The down side is the sound quality so my advice is add a good home theatre system to it and enjoy great picture and sound. A good buy over all if you don't want to spend a lot. Micromax service is however a concern I had to wait for 03 days and give a complaint to flipkart to get it installed. Flipkart service as usual is simply superb, this product was delivered to me in less than 24 hours of placing the order. 	4 stars	  03 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I am very much satisfied with the picture quality sound and over all features of the product as it came at very affordable price .  Flipkart as been a real trust worthy site with excellent sales and after sales service.  Very speedy service and also value the customer. 	5 stars	  03 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  This is a budget Led.... Which gives very nice quality of pictures and sound at home.  Good options to choose between hdmi and use....  In short awesome product. 	5 stars	  02 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  You wont get as good as this product in this budget.Great picture quality.Good sound. Worth to buy.Great and quick delivery from Flipkart. Demo schedule just after delivery. 	5 stars	  02 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Amazing product.Recieved yesterday.Best picture and sound quality & facilities.Expecting good service from Micromax if required in future but product is best at this price and afterall its SWADESHI. 	5 stars	  02 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Can someone please tell me what type of video formats we can play in this Television. (ex. .AVI, .MPEG4, .WMV, .. etc.,).  Thank you for your help. 	5 stars	  01 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I got this product on time on 28-June-14 morning at 10 AM. I was told that the executives from MicroMax will call me and schedule a time for demo and installation within 48 hrs. Today it is 01-July and excluding Sunday, it is more than 48 hrs and I havent received any call from Micromax executives. The product is lying in the box unopened and I am not sure for how long I have to wait. I have called Flipkart team more than a dozen times and every time the only frequent word is SORRY and WILL GIVE YOU UPDATE IN NEXT 1 HR and the next i hr doesnt materialize at all.  The Micromax contact numbers come as invalid and flipkart doesnt agree. I dont know whom to blame, to flipkart or micromax. At the end of the day I am victimised after paying full amount. I will think many times before doing my business with flipkart. 	1 star	  01 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Thanks to Flipkart for its excellent service...excellent and timely delivery once more to me...Great Job..  Thanks.. 	5 stars	  27 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  picture quality is awesome.... but sound quality is quite poor though it has powerful speakers i.e it can sound louder but quality is not good..... HDMI port is not working and i inserted a pendrive yesterday to watch a movie ,....... picture was clear but there was no sound at all.. only thing i liked it's picture quality... otherwise i shall rate it 0 stars out of 5 	3 stars	  26 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  i want to buy this tv,so please help me to understand about the TV. will this tv supports 5.1 speaker system and blueray players?...if there is any special things iin this tv let me know....clarify my doubts please...  Thanks in advance 	5 stars	  24 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  if you budget is around 20k this is best led for you . Picture quality is awesome and bright. Sound quality is also good . I have connected my laptop to led through hdmi cable and this was perfect .   i have found only one cons ...if you running dual mode movie its default choose first language and there is no option to get select other language . 	4 stars	  24 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  The product is very good as compared to its price The only flaw I am facing is the sound quality which is a bit dissapointing And have not received any revert from flipkart guys for the query and feedback given on the product installation and about sound quality 	4 stars	  23 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  2 days back i received the product.thanks to ws retail and flipkart got delivered in exact time and date what they mentioned.  Except sound everything is awesome about this product.If u looking for below price go for Micromax. 	5 stars	  23 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  > No matter what video format's I throw at it, it buys it.  > 1 Exrta USB (not common among competitor's) > Fits the pocket. > Video quality is pretty descent and in par with LG's 32" LED  CONS :   > Sound gets sloppy at times (if used in a big room) - can be overcome if you are using along with extra speakers. 	5 stars	  22 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  EXCELLENT TV A++++++ WORTH EVERY BIT OF YOUR MONEY  MY RECOMMENDATION JUST BOOK IT BEFORE STOCK LAST  PICTURE QUALITY EQUAL TO SONY AND SAMSUNG I GAVE MY SAMSUNG 26 LCD FOR EXCHANGE BUT IT WAS WORTH THIS  DEAL OF YEAR I MUST SAY BECAUSE YOU CAN NOT GET 32 INCH LED TV FOR 14000/- AFTER EXCHANGE FROM OTHER KNOW BRAND LIKE SONY,SAMSUNG OR LG.WITH SAME QUALITY AS SONY AND SAMSUNG.SO IF YOU WANT TO ENJOY FIFA 2014 ON BIG SCREEN WITHOUT SPENDING HUGE AMOUNT ON TOP BRAND WITHOUT COMPROMISE ON QUALITY LOOK NO FURTHER JUST CLINK AND BUY!!!!! 	5 stars	  21 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  Picture quality is fabulous the only thing it lacks on is the sound but its the same problem with all TVs in this price range .  You get 2 hdmi 2 USB and performance is also very good    Overall a bang for the buck !!! 	4 stars	  21 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  Been a month that I'm using this TV and extremely satisfied with the product. The picture and sound quality is very decent. Ordered on Flipkart and was delivered to me in 5 hours flat! Take a bow, Flipkart! At 16,300, this is a steal. Go for it! 	5 stars	  20 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  This is very good TV for less budget and one of the best Indian TV i can say, same quality of the other brand TV's will cost us more that 25K, so why should we spend more on other brand TV's and why should we allow to flow our Indian revenue to other countries by purchasing other TV's like Samsung, LG, Panasonic, and Sony let us buy Indian Product and encourage Indian industries, Thank you Micromax for such a nice product and thank you Flipkart for your awesome service.  	5 stars	  20 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  we can use this product as a good value product we have sound problem but when we do bass at zero then we can use this LED .  Overall Mazaaa AA gaya 	4 stars	  18 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  at this price the poduct is very good,the power audio volume is not working, but there is only one problem ,movies played through usb, volume is very very low otherwise its a good product. micromax is giving good healthy competion to other comanies like samsung sony toshiba etc 	5 stars	  17 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  I researched a lot before buying this TV.  Its the only LED HD Ready TV under a good banner available at such a low price.  Picture quality is pretty good, you cannot compare it with LG/Samsung or other higher end models.   The only thing I didnt like was the sound quality, the sound breaks if played a bit loud, and I mean even for 60% volume, so you should buy a 2.1 speakers, other thing I noticed which is not very visible and hard to make out, the colour recreation is not that great, I had taken pics from my digital camera, the high reds appeared orange, it could be the hdmi cable also, not so sure about it.  Final verdict: Its a value for money TV, not sure about its operating life though, hope it lasts for 5 years and I get a good support from Micromax. 	5 stars	  17 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this product a few weeks ago and have seen it to be working very well picture quality is excellent and im happy with flipkart delivery. Micromax has done a great job with this product. 	5 stars	  17 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  Value for Money   Recommended For All   Just Buy it before stock out.  Waiting for 3D Smart Tv from MICROMAX  	5 stars	  13 Jun 2014 
flipkart.com	  At this price its an amazing deal, product is good but sound quality is not up to the mark...................... 	4 stars	  13 May 2014 
flipkart.com	  Micromax tvs are of new type they have a good resolution of display  The tv is a real worth of money   	3 stars	  10 Apr 2014 
flipkart.com	  Firstly, kudos to the usual prompt Flipkart delivery. My product was delivered in the same time slot as was chosen by me suiting my convenience.  And now coming to the product. This Lg product is quite superior to it's competitors. Installation was easy-peasy and so far the experience has been above excellent.  PROS : 1) Picture Quality : Super!! Very pleasing to the eyes.  Although this product isn't Full-HD....but still even after being HD ready, it plays full hd(1080p +720p) videos flawlessly and the picture quality is just great. (Owing to the 32" size) 2) Viewing Angle : Surprisingly impressive viewing angles. 3) Sound : I guess the Sound has got to be this product's USP. If you have a small to medium sized room, you dont need to attach any kind of speaker-system at all. The sound is pretty clear even at Max Volume. 4) USB : There's only one USB port but it plays all kinds of files seamlessly. Even .mkv files which many high-end TV's don't (sadly). Until now I've successfully played .mkv .mp4 .avi .mp3. I even attached my 2TB external hard drive just to check and Voila!  Within a min it got detected and I was able to play all my movies & stuff. That was Amazing. 5) Remote : The remote is Non-bulky, handy and easy to understand & use. 6) Features : The features are quite user-friendly.  CONS : Haven't found any yet. There one thing that it has only one USB port, but I think I can live with that :D  So, my final verdict is that if ur luking for an LED TV under 25k with superior quality and amazing sound with all the modern features. This bad boy is a sure-shot Winner!! So give it a try and you won't regret it. 	5 stars	  21 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Received it yesterday...the moment I installed, I was thrilled with the picture and sound quality. It's definitely one of the best LED TVs at this price range. Though it's ready HD, the picture is crystal clear and gives Full HD impression.   Thanks to all the reviewers who rated this and provided detailed comments. Reviews by other buyers helped me make this purchase decision and now I take this opportunity to join them in praising this master piece.  Total value for money. 	5 stars	  10 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart deliver was very quick. Got it delivered the very next day. Although the LG came late and got it installed and demo from them after a day.  Overall, the TV is very good and I am quite satisfied: 1. The picture quality is awesome. Firstly I tried it on my TATA Sky box which was not HD, It was not looking very good. But then I realized it was non HD and I was using AVI output. Seems, its time to upgrade my set top box to HD. When I tried good quality movies from my HDD, I felt a sigh of relief, It was an amazing experience to watch. 2. Sound quality is OK. Can't expect everything from such low price TV. But overall the sound quality is satisfactory. We always have a option to connect other speaker/ Home theater. 3. The USB port is working fine. I was able to connect 1TB HDD and it worked very fine. I tried all the movie formats and it worked perfectly. The ideal resolution for the TV is 720p, but we can also play 1080p.  If you are looking for budget LED TV that has all the essential features, I would say go for it... 	4 stars	  12 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Just got it. Nice product. Simple purchase & installation system.  >> Simply buy-it (from here I mean).  >> When it arrive, DON'T OPEN THE BOX (not a single seal; That's what I was told; That must be done by the LG Installation guys). >> Call Flipkart Customer-care, inform them you got the product (i.e. immediately after it is delivered to you); they informed me to call LG Customer-care. LG Customer-care took some details like, name, address, contact no, & mail-d, date of purchase, Model no.; Told me I would receive call from the installation guys shortly.  >> Got the call; they asked if I intended installation for table-top or wall-mount type. I wanted wall-mount; They came; Made approx measurements; Fixed wall-mount & TV >> Voila.......Just pretty awesome........Nice Customer-care for both Flipkart & LG......Thankyouuuuu. 	5 stars	  09 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hello,  I purchased this LED TV in last month from Flipkart,and called LG for Installation but LG customer care told me they will charge for installation & Demo around 500/- Srvice charge.  Which is not mentioned on Flipkart Site.  Lastly after 2 weeks of followups i installed TV by myself.  So confirmed it while byuing this product from Flipkart! 	3 stars	  11 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  This time flipkart has really screwed up. My TV was delivered on 26/10 and upon delivery I called up LG and they informed installing will not be free and will be charged. Called flipkart and they informed the back end team will take it up with LG and get installation done.  Followed up on 27/Oct and Flipkart agent informed to get it installed with LG by payment and submit the bill and money will be credited to flipkart wallet. I asked for refund to my credit card and the agent actually laughed (that's what i heard) and it was annoying. I insisted for installation by flipkart and case still pending.  Followed up on 28/Oct - and still the agent says back end team is working to sort it out with LG and installation will be done in next 24 hrs.  Will have to think twice before ordering any big item from flipkart. They still lack the competency to handle big home products and its irritating to have the product at home for 2.5 days and not being able to use it. Could have paid an additinal 1000 rs and got it from any store and it would have been installed in 24 hrs..  	1 star	  28 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I purchased this product @ Rs 22990 :) on 11th Aug 2014. Awesome service and best deal provided by the flipkart. Product was delivered on very next day in good condition @ Mumbai. LG free installation service was also quick.  LG has made really good HD ready LED TV which have gr8 picture quality, loud n clear sound, fancy body and easy to use functionality. USB plays all the formats including mkv. Movies can be directly played from the external hard drive. I purchased this TV for my native place so I feel "ALL ROUND PROTECTION" comes with this will be good to have. I really recommend this product. 	4 stars	  07 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV as my tertiary requirement without doing my usual deep R&D. I have to admit that its my one of the best purchases. Flipkart service combined with LG makes this a safe buy. Do not expect all the bell and whistles in this price range however this one is not going to disappoint you at all. 	5 stars	  02 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart delivered the TV exactly within my slot, the LG customer care agent was helpful and sent a guy within another 4 hours. Great job by all !  TV picture clarity awesome. Good and useful options.  Sound is sort of ok though. Anyway, these days an external speaker system is a great alternative. 	4 stars	  01 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  A prompt service by Flipkart and got installed(wall mounting) by LG within four hours of request.Picture quality is really good and sound quality is also great. I will not write more as people has already revised a lot. I purchased this item with a lot of research at my end.U can go for it. Its a smart buy. 	4 stars	  15 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  VERY BAD EXPERIENCE ,FIRST TIME GIVEN ONLINE ORDER , GIVEN 1 YEAR WARRANTY SAME MODLE WITH LESS PRICE YOU WE WILL 2 YEAR WARRANTY. NO REPLACEMENT OPTION IF YOU OPEN THE BOX .   DO NOT BUY IF YOU ARE BUYING THIS SITE THEN DEFIANTLY YOU ARE WASTING MONEY .BE CAREFUL WHILE PALCING OREDER 	1 star	  02 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I ordered the product and it was delivered the next day. but when i called LG customer care they said fine. after that LG service people said the installation is chargeable but on flipkart website product page it was mentioned as FREE DEMO & INSTALLATION. i was disappointed. Anyways the product is very good and features are superb. Best Deal From Flipkart 	5 stars	  21 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have ordered this tv through filpkart the product was deliverd at right time the first good thing is filpkart packing its nealty and packed very safetly even the service engineer came for installation also said i never seen before such a good packing.so for packing 10/10.  Tv feature are awsome its supporting all the format of video (I am very happy that its supporting MKV format).easy installation and understanding .  Picture quality was crystal clear if your cable connection signal was so good other wise its dependens on your cable tv connection  But through usb you can enjoy real HD movies.  Sound quality also pretty good.  still now i didnt find any flaws on my LG LED tv. 	5 stars	  02 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  FLIPCART IS JUST DOING FRAUD TO THE CUSTOMER....ONCE THE TV IS DELIVERED THEY DONT CARE ABOUT THE INSTALLATION AND DEMO...EVERYTIME THEY TELL THAT INSTALLATION WILL BE DONE TODAY, TOMORROW, DAY AFTER TOMORROW AND THIS GOES ON. AND THE FUCKING EXECUTIVES GIVES ONLY EXCUSES....I WANT TO MEET THE OWNER OF FLIPCART AND SLAP HIM 100 TIMES. I AM CLAIMING THE AMOUNT TO BANK AND GOING TO CUSTOMER COURT FOR THIS FRAUD. 	1 star	  15 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  First the good part - Got TV delivered the very next day, and they took back the old TV (exchange deal). Installation request was raised even before delivery and promised within 2 business days. Now the bad part - Its the 6th day and installation not yet happened (old TV also gone). Not even a single call received from them. Multiple calls made to flipkart and with each call they escalate and take an extension of 24 hrs (false commitment). Some of them are even not sure whether installation team will be from Flipkart or LG. Waiting for the day when the new TV will be switched on (can't comment on TV performance). 	1 star	  09 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Don't get carried away by the discount show here/  Not really a good deal to buy this TV in Flipkart as   1. We have to wait for minimum of 4 days 2. Installation and demo + Wall Mount is charged by LG amounting to total of ~ Rs.2000.  This comes to the price for the TV in market itself while they in showrooms they give some compliments.  I made a mistake. Those who read it don't do the same.  	2 stars	  26 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Every thing is fine but LG people asking money for installation and wall mount. I heard installation and wall mount both are free of cost. With whom we have to check. 	4 stars	  14 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV got delivered but LG declines to install for free. They want to charge Rs.500. I am following up with FlipKart and LG. LG clearly says, they will not honor online purchases. I doubt if they will extend warranty. However the product description on flipkart site ways LB India provides 1 year warranty. 	1 star	  29 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  My TV was delivered as per schedule only nice thing. We had opted for the exchange offer but it did not happen (Filipkart knows why?). We were promised installation and demo within TWO business days but it did not happen. After many calls we were told that it will happen on 30-May at 11am (TV delivered on 26-May 9am). We waited full day but nobody came, just telling us that the person is on the way. Well the joke is that at 8pm some body is telling us that there is an entry that our house was locked and the service person says that since stand is out of stock he did not visit us.  Well I think I should have got it from the dealer and got better service. 	1 star	  01 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart Cheating Customers; Contexts mentioned on the website are false!!!!!!!!  Flipkart Cheats their customer and no customer service after purchase!!!!!!  Buyers please don't purchase products from Flipkart just for saving some money!!!!  I purchased this product on 30/04/2015 and it was mentioned that a person from LG will do the installation and demo but while calling LG they said it will be chargeable.  While calling Flipkart customer service, they said they will contact LG care and will get back to me but they didn't notify me anything and sent an unauthorized person i.e. a local engineer for installation.  I have called Flipkart Customer Service multiple times and requested to speak with a supervisor but no one called me back yet till todays date!!!!!  	1 star	  28 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Don't believe Flipkart when they say Installation is Free. You will have pay 2000 rs for the installation of the TV.  I called LG call center for the installation of My TV and they said according to their policy installation is chargeable. Raised this issue with Flipkart and they assured me that the installation will be done from their side with 5-7 days. But even after one month installation is not done. My TV is sitting inside the package for the last one month. Would have spent more than 1 hour fighting with Flipkart Customer Center team over the phone. Total waste of time and money. No resoltion provided even after one month. Flipkart please don't cheat customers by saying installation is free. 	1 star	  21 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi Guys, I purchased this product on 23.04.2015 and I have requested for installation in the changed address.Flipkart took time till 7th may for installation means almost 14-16 days.But installation is not done by 7th may.Again I called flipkart customer service for the same concern and they promised me that installation will be done by 9th may.But again they didnt stand for their words. Again I have called flipkart customer care,and they promised me installation will be done by 11th may at any circumstances.But they didnt done the installation.When I have called LG customer care,they clearly told me,they will not provide any service for their product which bought from flipkart. Flipkart customer care is really really bad and i am completely fed up with their service.Whenever I called customer care they used to transfer call from one person to other person and they used to keep my call on hold for 10-15mins.Today they are saying they can not able to do the installation and they can refund my money towards my flipkart account.After all discussion they are ok to refund my money towards my credit card.  I was about to order washing machine from flipkart ,but after all these I have decided not to buy anything from Flipkart 	1 star	  12 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good performance. Cheaper than from showroom. Immediate installation through LG service center  Wall mounting also supplied by LG 	5 stars	  07 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Booked LG 32LB563B (Order OD102783264263385200), by evening the order got cancelled stating courier partner unable to deliver the product (in Bangalore) that too without any intimation ...... if the service was not available how can they take the Order ??  Not sure about the Product .......  Very Dissatisfied with Flipkart...............  Regards, Raghavendra 	1 star	  07 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have purchased it from flipkart, I have got this product yesterday, its more than 25 hours, and still waiting for Demo Installation. When followed up LG customer care, they provided me the contact number of technician, and the technician refused to do the installation for free as it is purchased from Flipkart. Its really frustrating. When I called Flipkart customer care I got the response that I have to pay for installation charges. If I would have bought it from LG Store, or any other electronics store I would have got this product at 22,000 and with free installation. 	1 star	  06 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Not sure of the product though, as I am unable to use it; but having a terrible time with LG & Flipkart owing to installation of product. LG customer care says installation is chargeable as you have purchased on line but Flipkart website says its Free. When I spoke to Flipkart at their customer service number, they said they are arranging for an engineer to do the installation; but its 3rd day and I have not got any call from engineer to conduct the installation. I am calling Flipkart daily but every time I hear one excuse or other from Flipkart. (And everytime a same commitment to resolve the issue within 48hrs). Not sure how serious they are pertaining to installation. Flipkart is happy as they have sold a product & got their money (I opted for COD), though at an expense of an unhappy customer.  From experience, I would recommend, to buy from a local dealer, even if the price difference is close to 1k (as this being installation cost) as Flipkart is least bothered regarding post sale services. 	1 star	  23 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have purchased LG TV But the installation of Tv not done from last week LG customer serivice is very poor they have no good communication in customer call also calling to 18001809999 call always discounting very poor quality of voice  some customer care represetative is very unknown of job 	1 star	  01 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good product and good service and good quality and good sound we have compare other led tv but this product is very nice.and good service flipkart. 	5 stars	  02 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Buy this LG LED product from flipkart on 26 Aug 2014 they delivered this product on time and accurate scheduled delivery from their representative. Over all sound and picture quality are good. Mobile to TV connect feature are awesome. Rest features of this TV are very nice.  I will recommend the buyer you can trust to buy this from Flipkart.  Happy Shopping..!! 	4 stars	  28 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  first of all thanks to flipkart for the prompt delivery. after a lot of research for a LED TV, I settled for this product. It sure is the best in class at the given price range. the sound and picture quality are good and inbuilt variations/settings are available to suit ones need. can play videos in various formats which makes it a good buy. 	5 stars	  22 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  I checked so many brands and models while i decided to buy a LED tv.But finally i stopped after searching much and decided to buy this product. Bcs it is worth to buy with this amount range. It is Ready HD tv with all required features with Best price deal. Good picture clarity,usb port,Sound system,and all are perfect.  I am happy with this product and service of Flipkart.They delivered it on time with smooth customer service. Thank you Flipkart. 	5 stars	  11 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  it is a good product. Delivery is very good. I recommend this product. Good picture quality and functionality. 	5 stars	  11 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV with exchange offer, very helpful. Thanks to flipkart for scheduled delivery,very good service.  Regarding the product i am very happy with this. The picture quality and sound is very good with my airtel DTH.  For wall mount installation, i had called to LG in midnight and his engineer installed the tv in next morning. Very quick service by them and it was free. 	5 stars	  13 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Very first Packing was good!  Model Look stylish! have some extra features in connectivity (USB and mobile ! worth for money !  but LG showroom offers magic remote in some models of LG ( diwali offfer)  It is not provided in this box  	5 stars	  26 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  I had bought it from Flipkart. 1. Buying experience with Flipkart was easy & convenient Majorly the delivery commitment. 2. Product is Best in class with awesome sound quality & anything else displayed in feature list is met with the final deliverable. 	3 stars	  26 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  TV has bright pictures , Working well, NO problem in this TV, DVD also running good, installation i done my own , very easy 	1 star	  14 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Pretty gud product, withstands with it's quality. best LED TV compared to all the other brands in this price range..! 	4 stars	  23 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  I got in 21500 on flipkart , u cant expect a better product than this , sound quality and the picture is very good. Its very good product , go for it. 	5 stars	  15 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  LG not providing service and Flipkart falsely showing that the item has got one year LG India warranty.and thereby cheating customers. Better do not buy any product from Flipkart, otherwise you will have to run behind customer care for resolving complaints. even one rating is very high. 	1 star	  12 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  LG is not providing service to items purchased through FLIPKART. I recommend all not to buy any product from Flipkart. I purchased LED one month back and now mother board is defective and LG denied to provide warranty. More surprisingly, Flipkart falsely showing LG Warranty against this item to fool customers Disappointing to know that the problem has been in existance over several months, but seems Flipkart has not done anything to resolve the warranty issues with consumer electronics. Plz do not sell these items and cheat customers. 	1 star	  12 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi, I have purchased & using this TV set from last 2.5 month and I,m more than satisfied. I got it in best price from FLIPKART ever. As an Electronics Engineer, I found this TV has best technical specifications & looks, for me & my family in its Class & price range. I have played 1900*1080 pixel movie through USB and amazingly it played seamlessly. With TATASKY HD box this TV added one more star to our drawing room.  And no doubt for best experience with flipkart & WS Retailer people as always. 	5 stars	  09 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  This TV has everything which you like as a beginner to buy a LED TV, don't hesitate to buy this product. Sound quality in acceptable level for family entertainment and picture quality is great for its state. I bought this TV on May 2015, still now I am enjoying with its Performance. There's only one USB port but it plays all kinds of files like mkv .mp4 .avi .mp3. Thanks to Flipkart and W S Retail for delivering the product on specified date and time 	5 stars	  06 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  thanx for lg .......free installation ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 	5 stars	  29 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Awesome product with great price by flipkart.  Smart product with great features like Motion Eco Sensor, Smart Energy Saving, supporting 1TB HDD  Fully satisfied. 	5 stars	  20 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  purchased 6 months back. so far no issues. i m satisfied with the product.  so far no issues. i m satisfied with the product. 	5 stars	  17 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I would like to buy this product to deliver in Chennai Location, But location PIN Code Not Available with any Seller. Can anyone give suggestion to deliver this product around Chennai. Is there any way to get this. Thanks in Advance. 	4 stars	  17 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Great service from flipkart and the product was delivered and installed on time. Quality of this TV was very good and fullfilled my expectations.Sound quality was very much satisfactory. Recommend to buy google chromecast along this product as it would get you access to youtube and other entertainment stuffs 	4 stars	  16 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  It is very good product to buy. Excellent Sound and picture quality. Installation done in next day of the delivery.Overall good deal. Service by Flipkart and LG Excellent. 	5 stars	  16 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  i had received damaged lg 32lb563b LED tv, and asked for replacement of the product with RETURN ID 21458234 on june 14, from then i am facing severe problems from flip kart and WS RETAIL regarding pickup and and the warehouse is refusing to accept damage returned product by me, after several reminders to flip kart till now i didnot got the solution to my issue. i had received delivery message from courier on 10/07/15 but the flipkart customer care denying that the damaged product has not reached warehouse... i am going to file a case legally against flip kart and WSRETAIL if my issue not solved with in 2 days 	1 star	  15 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Installation took 7 days. Flipkart does not have arrangement with LG for installation. Flipkart has got their own team who does installation and provide a fixed wall mounted stand whereas LG provides a movable stand with which TV can be moved to left, right and upward. So this is the difference of buying from E-commerce. Further, LG charges Rs. 500 for Installation if TV is bought from E-commerce, otherwise its free. 	2 stars	  09 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  good tv , i am a bachelor, this is more than enough for me,  pros: 1) good price 2) nice packing, delivery, installation support. 3) good picture quality 4) good sound for a medium room 5) 2 HDMI slots one for d2h, one for my computer   cons:  less Frames per second, when watching HD channel from a d2h you will see the difference,frames lag a bit, but it is ok with me 	4 stars	  08 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I regret now that i chose LG. It has auto on off problem, sometimes it automatically switches off we cant do any, then it starts itself. Picture quality is average. Sound was very low. 	1 star	  01 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I brought this product for my bedroom.  The picture quality is awesome, almost all formats are played using usb. Thanks to Flipkart and W S Retail for delivering the product on specified date and time. 	5 stars	  28 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Excellent delivery by flipkart team in 2 days. Installation took additional two days since i recieved it during the weekend. Performance has been allright so far. Good for the price. 	5 stars	  25 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Worst Service by flipkart. they are not keeping their promised delivery date. they kept on revising the date. when i cancelled the order, then they despatched the product. due to which they held back my refund. 	1 star	  22 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  This tv is best at its price, my only concern is about whether I will get extended warranty from LG or not. Rest TV and its features and flipkart service is excellent 	5 stars	  21 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I was buy this tv from flipkart.This product delivery date and time very punctual . flipkart told this tv install (wall mount) within 3 days.but I have to wait for solve this issue one week, and was knocking frequently customer care.So I am unhappy install and demo service of flipkart. 	1 star	  21 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Not happy with the service of LG Engineer. First of all he does not know how to fix the TV that too on stand. If I have not intervened and shown him the correct location, he would have screwed my LED. Then, he does not provided me the wall mount. When asked, he said he does not know. Finally he came back today, but, dint provide me the wall mount rather than a local company wall stand. This is damm pathetic service I have came across from FLipkart. They should providel everything in the box and need to make sure that the Engineer who is going to come should be trained enough and genuine. Not sure if Flipkart team will going to take action after reading this. 	1 star	  19 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi, I got the product delivered in 4 days only but i wait for 1 month for installation for this TV. Still i didnt get that service from flipkart. i use to call to customer service daily but they didnt respond for my calls. they were telling like it will be done in 24 hrs. But nothing was happened. this is most worst service which i faced till now 	1 star	  19 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have bought this TV a month ago. 4 star rating to LG brand and 0 star rating to flipkart customer service. Wall mounting was not done yet and its more than a month product has got delivered. I have called flipkart customer care and emailed them several times and no response at all. Poor and Worst service from Flipkart. I once again say "Never buy a TV from Flipkart" 	1 star	  17 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I had purchased the TV on December 2014 and get the product good condition only....  And flipkart gave a cash back offer for this product as per below but still the cashback not credit to my account. Customer care also confirmed we will resolve the issue by last week but never did....   Refund - COMPLETED Refund to Original payment mode We are refunding this amount as a result of price change of the item. Rs. 902Refund successful! Rs.902 has been remitted through original payment mode  So flipkart please don't display like the information before credit to account.  	4 stars	  15 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  i have purchased this TV. on 10th of May and almost a month passed still waiting for installation and demo. i strongly recommend not to buy from flipkart. i would give minus rating but its not there. 	1 star	  11 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have brought this product from Flipkart and they delivered me in said time. that is really good. but for the installation I have to wait for 6days, in between I have called for Flipkart costumer support and it's installation partner many times, but don't get any satisfied answer. However it got installed now. I have spoiled 1 weekend and 1 day off from my office due to third grade service provided by Flipkart.  I will recommend to buy this product, it is excellent but not from Flipkart otherwise you may face the problem that i have already faced.  Thanks Flipkart for providing me the cheap kind of service......... 	1 star	  10 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I PURCHASED 32" LED TV FROM FLIPKART, MORE THAN ONE MONTH NOBODY COMES TO THE INSTALATION, DONT BUY LG PRODUCT FROM FLIPKART, NOBODY COME TO INSTAL & DEMO, LG PEOPLE TOLD ONLINE PURCHASE WE DONT RESPONCE THE INSTALATION, VERY WORST EXPERIENCE 	1 star	  09 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Got it in one day delay...but very responsive from Flipkart. Installation was done by Flipkart folks....very well done. Quality of TV is very good as expected.... 	4 stars	  08 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good picture quality. Easy USB plugins at side. Good sound quality. Good buy @ 22k. Build quality of this product is very good and recommended. 	5 stars	  08 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Excellent TV for the budget and good experience with Flipkart on the delivery and service. I am happy with the deal. 	5 stars	  08 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Terrible service from flipkart. For the second time in a week they failed to process the 10% off on top of the listed prices. First with Axis bank and then with HDFC bank cards. "Reassuring" e-mails apart, i have not received any other response. Starting to think flipkart is taking its customers for granted. 	1 star	  07 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  My LG 42inch 3D LED tv required a repair of Rs 7844 after 4 years of purchase. Feeling very very disappointed, will never buy LG again 	1 star	  07 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have received the product from Flipkart. LG / Flipkart have outsourced the installation to a third party Jeeves who is absolutely pathetic in followup and almost impossible to get in touch with. It seems they are doing us a favor by installing the TV. I was made to hold, go around in circles and call several numbers and till now I have not found a resolution nor I have been able to speak to someone responsible enough to take an appointment and install the TV.  I am planning to return in to Flipkart if I do not hear from Jeeves in another day or so. 	1 star	  03 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  This TV has everything which you like as a beginner to buy a LED tv, don't hesitate to buy this product. Sound quality is in acceptable level for family entertainment and picture quality is great for it's state. I bought this TV on February 2015, still now i am enjoying with it's performance. Go for it don't think too much. 	5 stars	  02 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  the item was delivered 5 days ago on time , I was told within 3 business days, TV installation and demo would be done by LG Customer support team. Till no one has come and i have been contacting flipkart customer service, they also failed to resolve the issue.Now , I decided to return the product  I request the filpkart that delivery and installtion should be done on the same day of delivery  poor post delevery services by flipkart.  Customers should take precautions and must be care full about it 	2 stars	  01 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  at given price this TV is far better from competitor , LG customer service is also quite helpful. Flipkart delivery was on time slot quite happy with delivery . 	5 stars	  26 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  ordered this TV mode in an exchange offer for my old colour TV. Got the delivery from FK next day. They called me 2 times for confirmation & told me they will sent LG installer next day.One guy came next day & installed it in half an hour.I'm totally impressed by Flipkart for this superfast servise.  TV Review : excellent picture quality it does does not hurt your eyes , everything is crystal clear sound quality is also good  the other features of the tv is also fine 	5 stars	  23 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Thumbs up to Seller courier service. I got my item within 48 hours. I could not set up my TV yet. ASAP I installed it. I will back up to you with item feedback. 	5 stars	  20 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Quality product from LG and excellent delivery by Flipkart team.  I called LG customer care for installation and they want to chage 1000rupees, so i called Flipkart customer care and they said will send a service person to install and give instruction how to use the options and all.  But till today nothing has happened.  I am slightly disappointed with Flipkart on this.  Regards Arul 	4 stars	  19 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Product is good, delivery is good, BUT Flipkart did NOT refunded the cashback amount even after 5 months. Fighting with Flipkart customer care as they have just sent an sms of refund and no actual refund. NO transaction number of refund. A total FRAUD! 	1 star	  18 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good LED under 25K.. Sound quality was not that great.. Works best with HD connection.. Wfi connectivity is not efficient. 	4 stars	  13 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  I brought this tv, very good product,  1. Flipkart delivery very good, 2. Installation very good, 3. LG Customer Support awesome, 4. I got good offers,  Thanks, Shiv 	5 stars	  11 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  if u buy it in flipkart u wont get any technical support from LG . Also the wall mount stand provided by Flipkart wasn't good .Flipkart charges extra 2500 for rotating wall mount stand. If u buy it in show room u will get technical support from LG as well as rotating wall mount stand .. 	1 star	  11 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  there are no cons of the product ( though i havent bought this from flipkart but the tv is really amazing .... go for it ! 	5 stars	  08 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  i have ordered this product after checking the price in various stores. its worth for the money ......................................................... 	5 stars	  07 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Value for money good picture, sound overall is good... timely delivery from flipkart with valuable service 	4 stars	  07 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered it on 4th of may, received within 2 days as per my allotted schedule. Awesome Flipkart... LG LED is awesome..must by it...speechless after watching its screen. 	5 stars	  06 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  A nice one indeed ................................................................................................................................................................... 	4 stars	  04 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  I wish i could review the product but if the product is installed. Its been a week that product is delivered but installation not done despite of making innumerable calls to flipkart. Below is he history.  21/04 - Product ordered 23/04 - Product Delivered 24/04- Called flip kart installtion. I have been informed to call LG for installation. LG has demanded towards service charges. When called flipkart again, they promised that installation would be done from their side by 28/04. 29/04 - Called flip kart for status. I have been told that it would be done by end of the day or by 30/04 12 noon. 30/04 - Called flip kart for status. I have been told that it would be done by 6 PM   None has turned so far. I doubt if they will really turn up.   Never expected this type of service. I had great experience from flipkart earlier but this time you have let down badly.   Kindly do the needful atleast now. 	1 star	  30 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this product and was delivered to me on 20th April. On the same day I called to LG customer care for demo and installation. I was shocked when I heard from them that lg do not provide support(demo, installation and after sales service:warranty) to products purchased from any online store except lg band store. I informed flipkart the same, till date I haven't got any response from flipkart ben I wrote repeatedly. 	5 stars	  30 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good, satisfied, as per expectations. Delivered on time an good service by flipkart. Got at a good price when compared to the market and is original product. 	4 stars	  30 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its worth to give 5 stars not only to this product but also for the Flipkart Service... Please don't trust any low ratings.... 	5 stars	  30 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is regarding my order OD102662795255945600 which is for LG 42PN4500 106 cm (42) Plasma TV, bought on 23rd April-2015. LG did not provide me free installation because it is bought from Flipkart and I had to cough up Rs 1603/- for it. Flipkart verbally committed to reimburse the amount but haven't done so far. I have already mailed them the invoice copy from LG.  Moreover, I visited LG service center and they clearly communicated that starting from this month, every product bought from Flipkart is out of warranty. They are asking for an additional payment of Rs 6084/- to get the warranty activated. 	1 star	  28 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  As mentioned in specifications TV is really good. My brother has bought another model of LG TV through flipkart. so far its performance is good. He suggested me to buy this model because this model has mobile connectivity to TV and two 10W speakers are inbuilt so sound is quite good. 	4 stars	  28 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I got the product and it is fine as I wanted. But the when I called up LG people for the installation of the TV, they had asked for charge of Rs.1300 for installatation as I baught the item online(started from this March-15 only as LG people say), this was shocking for me as I was told that it is freely done. When I talked to flipkart customer care they tell that u send LG people back we will arrange it free in 2 days. So I had to be with my TV not installed for 2 more days, then I believe they have arranged for people whom I should not say technicias!!! They have installed TV slantly and the wall mount kit was also very local which is not a genuine LG one. This was an horrible experience from flipkart and they have in turn my newly renovated wall to a great extent, they put the TV on single bolt and forget to put in the other, when asked for slent position, they used thermocol for the support!! I would suggest dont buy TV from Flipkart, I had a horrible experience with this , I have been asked to resolve the issue when I had discussion with flipkart representative before 3 days, till no callbak , no response!!!! 	1 star	  28 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV delivered on committed date. But still waiting for installation and demo. Called Flipkart more than 10 times. Every time same response "We have escalated your request and technician will call you today". According to info on website and information give by flipkart on call, installation will be done within 48 hours of delivery.  Product review will be posted after installation.  	2 stars	  27 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  For the first time SHOCKING poor service from Flipkart.   PLEASE take the TV back and refund my money.   I have repeated the following several times.  1. TV has not been installed even 5 days after delivery. While I have called daily no one from Flipkart has bothered to call or explain the delay.  2. I wanted to reverse the payment and use my Debit card to get 10% Visa discount. I have not yet heard on how I can do this.  3. Now I don't want this TV. I am trying to cancel the order and am told I can't.  4. Flipkart team has promised me that installation will be done within a day since 22 April. Each promise has been broken. Yesterday I had asked for an escalation and I was told I will get an email and sms of escalation. Almost 20 hrs later I am still waiting for this.   5. Flipkart staff has been erroneously advising me to install the TV with help from a local vendor. This is against warranty norms and guidelines. It is clearly a violation of their own rules.   6. I have also been advised yesterday and today to call LG for installation and Flipkart will bear the expense. I have repeatedly explained that ONE key reason I bought from Flipkart was to have some peace of mind. Moreover, on day of delivery I was told Flipkart will take care of installation.   So here I am - I have a TV which has not been installed, I have wasted atleast 30 to 45 mins each day since TV delivery, I have been told I did read instructions properly, I have not been given an option to reverse my payment (made by credit card) and now pay by debit card. I thought being a long standing loyal Flipkart customer (Flipkart First customer also!) I could expect better service.   	1 star	  26 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I purchased this television last month from Flipkart after reading all the good reviews, but after a months use I am ok ok satisfied with this one. I will go cons first and then pros: Cons:  1. Sound quality is AVERAGE!! Yes, speakers provided in the tv are of very low output, there almost no bass and had to struggle a lot with the settings to make the sound clear at least!! There is vey little difference between various pre-set sound modes. 2. I bought a 2.1 system to cover things up but alas!! output was not as good in that one as well, reason - this tv has only 3.5(headphone jack) to RCA connector!! This was confirmed by the LG customer care person who came to inspect on my complaint. Note - Other LG tv's which have "RCA to RCA" or "Digital Out" for sound are much better.  Pros: 1. Look excellent! very premium. 2. User interface of this tv is easy and convenient. 3. Play all formats through USB: I have tried MPED, AVI, MP4, MKV, event 1080p videos play without any hiccups. 4. LG customer care obviously, their representative came for installation within a day of purchase, and when I registered the complaint regarding the sound also the person came within a day, also they called back later to confirm whether the issue was resolved. What else could you expect!  Other things to know: - Even though this tv has the option to choose aspect ratio, many of the movies don't play in full screen, it's not tv's fault though! Its realted to the way movies are recorded. - When I connected my 1TB hard disk, voila! it corrupted some of the folders!! I was able to recover them with a simple command line check disk though, and came to know that hard disk has to be formatted with allocation unit size of 16kilobytes, haven't tried it though.  Verdict: If sound matters to you, please buy any other LG model!! 	3 stars	  24 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  It's a good choice.Perfect sound quality HD display.And Looking also good.I prefer to my friends also. 	5 stars	  23 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have horrible exp with flipkart during TV purchase. Neither the TV delivered to scheduled time & it has been 3 days but Installation has not been done. Poor service from Flipkart. Customer support team is also not responsive. Don't buy TV from flipkart 	1 star	  20 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  flipkart is best for electronic products.. LG's quality and service is best.  tv plays all formats like mkv, avi ,mp4 etc it even plays dual audio prints.. picture quality is amazing even 1080 prints runs smoothly.. i'm really happy to buy this amazing product from one n only amazing flipkart... 	5 stars	  20 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I got this for playing games on ps3. First of all looks wise , feels like a beautiful. Performance wise is superb. price tag->Worth every penny.  product gets delivered on time as promised. if you guys are looking to buy led tv in a budget ,don't think just buy this product.  	5 stars	  13 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Can't imagine other branded TV in this budget.. Superb quality,,amazing picture & not superb but good sound..Flipkart is giving gr8 service..Free installation in this price.. Everything is perfect with this TV..Just go for it.. 	5 stars	  13 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I always prefer LG on Product like TV. It gives me better consumption of Power among all the same size models by other brands. 	5 stars	  13 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I brought this tv in jan'15, TV is good both picture and sound quality is value of money. At this price this is a good deal. 	4 stars	  09 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Market Price of TV = 28,000 INR I got at 19000 INR I also got warranty for the TV. I also availed extended warranty. So all in all  Original Product  At great price, and  no doubt Quick delivery by flipkart.... just simply Love it 	5 stars	  07 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Haven't started using the TV to the fullest. But the free installation provided by LG is not in par with the service they provide when the TV is bought from a shop. They have wall-mountable stand specially for online buyers, which is just a stand and very different from ones provided for the others. Why don't LG understand that everybody is their customer. Flipkart should do something about this. 	4 stars	  06 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I just received this today, the delivery was very quick as expected from flipkart. I am very satisfied with the quality of this product. It has really good picture quality and sound is decent . Its better than Sony, Samsung TVs when comparing the features, it plays almost every format of movie available . I would definitely recommend this TV for any new buyer. 	5 stars	  02 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Worth buying.im happy for buying this product. It supports most of the video formats when it's played from usb Picture and sound is good. 	5 stars	  31 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good TV with excellent sound quality. however didn't like the onscreen menu. TV technician came to install it and he brought the equipment to mount it on the wall.  The wall mount mechanism supplied by LG is worth a mention as it allows to tilt the TV to different angles as per your liking. Also very good support and instant installation and very quick delivery as well. 	4 stars	  29 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  First of all thanks flipkart to deliver it on right time.... at the same time thanks LG to install it within 2hr of dilevery... LG 32LB563B 32inch is very nice product at this price... -good sound -good picture quality -auto brightness detection  - good control to external speakers....if u set ur external speaker full volume... u can control them through remote -play all format from pen drive   LG gave me adjustable wall mount free of cost.... u can twist the tv 60degree angle both the side. and it also help to fix tv wiring.... u can also pull out the tv aprox one and half feet on the wall mounted...  nice product....u can buy it :) 	5 stars	  22 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Delivered within 20 hrs.... Hats off Flipkart. Happy to see Indian company grow. Keep up the good work 	5 stars	  11 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  condition of the TV is good its, stable. I am using this for 4 months. till date i didn't find any defect on the product..., 	4 stars	  10 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  go for it..nice TV ..with great feature ..NothinG to worry buy blindly..its looks great on walls with superb sound and picture clarity 	5 stars	  04 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  I'm giving after 1 month usage About TV: - Good picture, sound quality at this price About FlipKart: - Quick delivery - Product packaging is very good About LG service: - Quick response for installation - free wall mount (ask felxi wall mount, easier for connecting pend rives, hard drives) 	5 stars	  02 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Pls don't buy this tv only by reading the good reviews  this tv has a very poor viewing angle, ever at 30-40 degreee color starts fadind, rest is ok 	2 stars	  01 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV got delivered on time" Excellent Flipkart", but waiting for installation. when i called LG customer care, they said like" the wallmount and installation will cost Rs.500 plus service tax" then i complained to Flipkart.They said, it will take 48 hours(Business day) to get it installed in free of cost. Satisfied with the purchase. 	5 stars	  01 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  got this TV on diwali offer on flipkart it was delivered on date LG service person helped us to install it.  recently due to some power fluctuation, cable connection boar got issue, and LG service person replaced it.  But, dint expect this kind of issue from a fairly new TV. ours was the only TV affected in the complete are.  It would be great if Flipkart can deliver to the towns near big cities too. 	2 stars	  26 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good TV on this range. Timely delivery on the specified date & time by Flipkart. LG person came and did the installation/demo on the next day itself. I bought it with exchange offer and with additional 10% on EMI on HDFC card. It is value for money for this range.  Good display and sound. The plastic quality of the make is good.  More options to make the display to suit to you needs.  Connected with My phone (MHL), HDD and it is playing all the formats mentioned in the specification.  Good deal for any one looking for a budget TV. 	4 stars	  19 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart delivered the TV exactly within my slot infact before the time slot and the Flipkart service guy was extremely helpful and the installation done within 24 hours of request by LG customer care and the LG service guy was also very helpful. Have not explored the TV much, will do and post my reviews in the near future. 	4 stars	  17 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Nice TV, its worth your money. Connected my laptop via HDMI cable and it looks super awesome. Flipkart Delivery was on time.  Go for it!! 	4 stars	  16 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  It is one of the best purchase I have ever made through flipkart. Qiality of the video and audio are awesom. Video quality is stunning,  Design is really great and really sleek. Those who plan for budget TV they must go for this model... Overall I am really satisfied.. ... 	5 stars	  15 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered the product and after 4 days i still waiting .flipkart ship via gati docket no.561979215 . 	1 star	  13 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Best picture clarity and prompt service by LG..I will recommend it for all. I am happy with the product and no issues. 	5 stars	  12 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  firstly thanks to flipkart & LG customer service , i have ordered this tv mondy through flipkart and the product was delivered at right time wednesday . LG customer service was very quick got it delivery and next four hours it installed & demo from the same day. picture and sound quality was good , thanks & great job by all  	4 stars	  12 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Nice 5 star rating product by LG and awesome LED in this price range, Sound & Picture Clarity is very nice & the service of Flipkart is also very good. I book an order for LG 32inch LED from Flipkart on dated 10.02.2015 & the same is deliver on next day by Flipkart 	5 stars	  12 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Thanks to Flipkart... My product was delivered in the same time slot as was chosen by me suiting my convenience.  This Lg product is quite superior to it's competitors. Installation was easy and so far the experience has been excellent.  Purchased this TV almost 2 months, there is no problem in Picture quality are sound quality  Thanks to all the reviewers who rated this and provided detailed comments. Reviews by other buyers helped me make this purchase decision.  Thanks to Flip kart for 	5 stars	  11 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Purchased this product 3 months ago.. Have no trouble whatsoever, Picture n sound quality is awesome .. what else do you need from your TV ? Promises HD quality and delivers it - using it with airtel HD recorder.. works like a charm. The LG technician installed the TV in 5 mins flat... Dont think too much and waste your time on reviews on other forums - just go for it with your eyes closed. 	5 stars	  11 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I was looking out for this product and bought it with EMI option. I have to tell the picture quality is pretty awesome. Do note, there is no WiFi in this model, but has USB and HDMI, in my opinion its worth it. I might buy a chromecast and see what I can do :) 	5 stars	  09 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  LG 32 LB563B product is very good. The TV was delived on time.TV Picture quality and Sound is very good.Connecting to the USB is very Easy, Just like connecting to Laptop. Value for Money Product. 	4 stars	  07 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  The scheme offered by Flipkart is very encouraging. WS Retailer's action and response is very well good. If I need any other items I will select the items of this seller on Flipkart. 	5 stars	  06 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I really got satisfied with the television, the picture quality is awesome,sound quality is crystal clear,looks are also great, what can i tell about flipkart service booked the tv on Friday evening got delivered on Saturday afternoon. The LG installer came in 2 days after calling him repeatedly.overall a good buy,so if you are looking for a led tv of 32" around 25k I recommend you this. 	5 stars	  05 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart deliver was very quick. Got it delivered the very next day. Although the LG came late and got it installed and demo from them after a day.  Overall, the TV is very good and I am quite satisfied: 1. The picture quality is awesome. Firstly I tried it on my TATA Sky box which was not HD, It was not looking very good. But then I realized it was non HD and I was using AVI output. Seems, its time to upgrade my set top box to HD. When I tried good quality movies from my HDD, I felt a sigh of relief, It was an amazing experience to watch. 2. Sound quality is OK. Can't expect everything from such low price TV. But overall the sound quality is satisfactory. We always have a option to connect other speaker/ Home theater. 3. The USB port is working fine. I was able to connect 1TB HDD and it worked very fine. I tried all the movie formats and it worked perfectly. The ideal resolution for the TV is 720p, but we can also play 1080p.  If you are looking for budget LED TV that has all the essential features, I would say go for it.. 	5 stars	  03 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Just go for it. And don't go for SONY if they provide for free of cost,because the user settings are not accurate as compared to the LG. LG is Very good in Picture Quality.And easy to use.Because i have Both the TVs in my house. And if you go to the any SONY Show room they kept the TV in Demo mode they are not in user mode so that we can see the picture at good quality which is not possible to view in home because it gives too much bright.and color production is high. LG is the best option ever............................................ 	5 stars	  03 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Awesome product by LG and also great picture quality. The only thing that is not prefect is the the display looking like pixellated while playing mobile shot 720p video on it. Also the images captured by mobile were also not looking so crispy that I had thought it would be. After all the TV's other features such as sound and video are great and viewing angles are also descent. 	5 stars	  02 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Prompt Delivery Comfort Installation... Awesome within Time frame.... Easy to buy....great discounts.....Good Quality.....Good Service Packaging - Good 	5 stars	  31 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its around one week and till now no one contacted to install the TV. This is one of the worst experience I have with flipkart. My TV is just lying ideal in the hall. I can't use it. I tried to book complaint online but no one contacted. I was very satisfied by flipkart but now its just reverse. 	1 star	  31 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have taken this tv on big billion day. The TV is quite good regarding picture quality, resolution, sound and other features.but there is one problem with this model is about the table mount.Table mount for this model is not a mono support type, its is dual support type, so you can't use this for rotation easily as in case of mono support type. if you go for wall mount there wont be any problem. apart from this problem the TV set is amazing. 	4 stars	  31 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its a great purchase thru Flipkart and true value for money. the function of USB and HDMI are awesome. and the slim bezel are also candy to eyes. i truly propose this TV to everybody. 	4 stars	  30 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I got it in a killer deal for my friend. Super awesome.Clarity is also good but compared to Sony it lags in that aspect. The best part is adjustable wallmount stand we get free. 	5 stars	  26 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  i got this from flipkart at an effective EMI of approx 1500/-. Can you beat that? They gave me 2500 for my old CRT TV, plus a cash back on my credit card emi making the effective price for this TV at about 15K .  Have been using this product for a month now and enjoying every bit of it. Thanks to Flipkart, i was able to buy a great TV at the best price that any one in the market can dream of. A definite buy, but only buy it from Flipkart!!! 	5 stars	  25 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Delivery : Ordered on 22nd January @11PM, received on 24th 8.30 AM  No hassles, delivery guy is very polite & cordial.Amazing from FLIPKART.  Installation : LG is just a phone call away. Installed with 3 hours of lodging a request. Guys are very cordial, exlained the functionalities thoroughly.  TV : Pros : 1) Picture Quality : Simply awesome.With Airtel HD connection, it is yummy. 2) Viewing Angle :Mounted on the wall. Viewing angle is almost 80 degree.Moreover, wall clump is movable, you can move it anywhere , can be visible from any corner of the room. This is feature I liked most. 3) Sound : More than acceptable range. Clarity is good.have a option to connect other speaker/ Home theater. 4) USB : Played .avi, .mkv, .mp4 , mp3. All ran successfully. 5) Ports : 1 USB, 2 HDMI, AV & component port is there.  Cons: Nothing.Just plugged & enjoying my mini home theater.  Flipkart Price was 22110 while Buying. Rs 2000 discount is availed on HDFC Bank credit card. Buying price is 20110.. Just loving it... 	5 stars	  24 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is my 1st led tv LG 563 B from Flipkart best price offer good quality Dolby sound I attached Airtel HD box and see HD chanels good quality . 24 hrs delivery and 2 hrs hd connection from Airtel.i really like it. Sanjeev chandhni chowk 	4 stars	  24 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Have been using this tv from more than 6 months now and no issues seen till now, quick service from flipkart and wonderful display and sound of the tv made my purchase successful. 	4 stars	  24 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its an excellent product in the given price range. Many of my friends have bought the same product and till now happy with performance. giving four stat for the product. Few issues are there with flipkart services but not so big to ignore the offers. 	4 stars	  20 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Pros:  * Above average picture quality. * Excellent wall mount * Comes with 2 HDMI and 1 USB -> more than sufficient * Different audio modes  Cons: * Average sound quality  Conclusion:  Great budget LED tv. Go for it. Add Chrome-cast and u need not to buy Smart TV :) 	4 stars	  20 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  After much research online and on the shops, I bought this 32in LED TV from LG. Online purchase and delivery from Flipkart was as smooth as silk. They purchased my existing 18 years old TV at a very good price without any fuss and gave me contact of LG service center for installation. The service engineer came home as per appointment and did wonderful job of installing and demonstrating the product. Its a different experience for us to watch the TV shows now. The colours and sound quality is pretty good. I personally feel that by opting to go for online purchase as compared to a shopfloor purchase, I got better price, chose the best model/brand for the price I wanted to spend and the whole experience was very convenient. We are very happy with our purchase and highly recommend this product 	5 stars	  19 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I made a perfect judgement while buying this . This product is best in market for 32'' segment . If you install this TV along sony woofer and Videocon DTH you have my word....it's inch-perfect . Just let go .... 	5 stars	  16 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  pros:  1. slim shinny body, thin bazel and no cheap quality plastic. 2. amazing display, even if its 720 you can not . 3. good refresh rate on hdmi connection , i can play every pc game that my laptop can run with great fps. (ex, fifa 14, call of duty advance warfare, nfs, far cry 3 etc) 4. so many options to adjust display according to your choice.  cons: none except i don't like the remote   	5 stars	  15 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Guys, This was my first biggest buy as online and was very happy it was worth it.. Was worried about online shopping but flipkart and WS Retailer is what you can count on, tv was packed very well and even delivery was on the time.  Now with the performance about the Television, i can say its worth the price you are paying.Performance is good, if you are not going for HD TV ie: (you have to set up HD setup box,have to subscribe HD Channels which charge you high and the should be above 32 inch to give you better projection)  In nutshell by spending Rs 23000-/ this TV is worth to buy... 	4 stars	  14 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  The price is great for the product, the best you would find , and thanks to Flipkart, it was delivered the next day of ordering 	4 stars	  13 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  My second purchase TV purchase with flipkart....A very good product...timely delivered...installed very nicely ..the best part the the adjustable mount stand of the TV...excellent quality and easy to operate..KUDOS FLIPKART 	5 stars	  12 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Excellent sound quality. display good.. As usual Flip kart delivery is great   LG wall mount bracket also very good. we can move front/back and Tilt little even in wall mount 	5 stars	  09 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have purchased one month before. Product was delivered on time as committed. Fully satisfied with Flipkart service. 	5 stars	  09 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered T V on 2.01.15 and was delivered on 6.01.15 by 4.00 PM.After registration with LG there engineer came at 7.30 same day and got it installed with in minutes.Good service by LG.Up till know I found product satisfactory,though viewing angle is less. 	4 stars	  08 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this product 2 days ago and got this delivered today. thanks to Flipkart for prompt delivery. after seeing so many positive review i bought this LED and it's up to the mark. sound quality is good. it has got side HDMI & USB which are very helpful. any one looking for a good LED should seriously consider this LED. it has got all the basic features @ very low price compare to Samsung and Sony. 	5 stars	  05 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  ordered it on 1st Jan. deliverd by Ekart on 5th. LG came on the same day and installed my TV.  10/10 for the LED screen. 10/10 for the Sound. 22200 is a good price for this TV.where as market price is 28000. dont think twice bfre u buy this. MUST BUY !  Happy Customer. thank you Flipkart. 	5 stars	  05 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its is value for money. Installation was very simple, lg service guys installed wall mount next day after purchase. Operations: 9/10 Picture: 8/10 Sound:7/10 Usb playback: 9/10 Thanks to flipkart for timely and safe delivery : 10/10 	4 stars	  03 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is my first LED product and by comparing with many articles i found it very useful. The service by flipkart is very quick and deliver the product before than the expected date as well the LG service engineer came on time. It consume very less electricity and i can use it on my inverter also. 	5 stars	  03 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Purchased the set for 19.5k with exchange and discount program.  Writing this after 15 days of use.  Good TV at this price point. Could have been better if it came with two USB ports instead of one USB Port.  Sound Quality is acceptable.. For TV channels it is good. For playing movies, it is very low for few movies, for few movies it is very good. Might be due to the movie. 	4 stars	  03 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I purchased LG 32LB563B LED Tv on 26th Dec 2014 and received with seal pack condition and packing was good. Its picture and sound quality is nice.... Limitations of products: it has no VGA port, which is basic connection and mobile can't connect at USB port through data cable.  	4 stars	  03 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this LG TV (32LB563B) , Its the best TV in its class, it really has superb sound and picture quality, it supports many movie formats , which you wont get in any other branded TVs, TV is very slim and looks gorgeous. 	5 stars	  29 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I have a plan to buy Sony 21 Inch TV (Rs.24000)  In that Viewing angles are good and sound also. And i don't know about the USB reading capability of that TV. After that I saw this just for 23000(32'') Simply bought i have not did research. Ordered and got it 2 days before. Installed within hour. Good Sound, Good Picture clarity, Able to read most of the HD videos and formats. Viewing angle you can't see clear picture in 180 degree. other than that superb. My Baby watching rhymes in it. She always get engaged to it . 	4 stars	  27 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Best TV for this cost. Reads almost all formats of videos (including .mkv) . There is even an option to switch the languages like in computers for the multi-language movie prints. LG has changed the GUI to make it user-friendly compared to its old LCD TVs. Plus points: 1. Reads almost all video formats 2. Good GUI 3. Can turn OFF the screen when playing music. 4. Low power consumption 5. Better speakers (volume) compared to Sony models. No need for additional sound-box / external speakers. 6. The wall mount assembly is movable in side-angles. I can turn TV to face me in kitchen when cooking ;) 7. Picture quality is very clear for good movie prints. 8. Detects 1TB external HDD in few seconds. Isn't that awesome? 9. Got fast delivery from FlipKart. The packing of product was really good. Keep it up FlipKart!  Negative points for flipkart: 1. The offer said 10% cashback. But never recieved cashback on my credit card till I registered a complaint. On complaining, Flipkart gave the 10% back on Wallet (that compells me to spend 2.5k more on their website) - Not really good. Please give what you promise. 	5 stars	  24 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Bought it on 20th Oct'14... Very Much Satisfied, Got it for a good Price Got my Old TV exchanged for 2500.. The Exchange was very smooth process, Even though i had few defects in my old TV, they dint Bother..  Coming to LG 32LB563B 81 cm (32) LED TV.. Good Sound and Picture Quality, there are 2 USB ports, one HDMI. USB port very fast, no lagging.. 	5 stars	  24 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Overall good product at this price. Picture quality is just average on SD but it looks great with HD. Good service from flipkart and LG. I recommend this to buyers who want to buy a LED tv below 20000 	4 stars	  23 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I have booked this giant yesterday evening, received this TV by today morning 11.   Extremely quick delivery by Flipkart, thanks to Dhananjayan who delivered this product from Flipkart.  Not yet opened the box, so will review once i see the product. 	5 stars	  23 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I have noticed that there is lot of customer attention goes while delivering and installing these TV's, Hope you give same attention to other products (low cost ) as well. 	5 stars	  22 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Except delivery from flipkart evrything is good about this product.. TV is very nice it can play almost all format from the hard disk quality performance is very good. Delivery from flipkart was very very bad. I ordered for Diwali festival But it reached my hand after 10 days of diwali :-( 	4 stars	  18 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Very good.. got additional offers and stands out best whn compared to Smsng.  Flipkart service was outstanding.. 	5 stars	  17 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I wanted to purchase the same product from flipkart but flipkart is not able to deliver it at my door step.  Called the given number, they were just forwarding call from one to another and after talking for 15-20 mints they were not able to help me.  Worst delivery!!! Dont even deserve one star 	1 star	  16 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Very good product from LG, at this price. No FullHD, but justified with the price. It plays the HD videos, USB works well, channels work well as well. 	5 stars	  15 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Got the TV in 5 days . Installation done in 2 days. LG provides free swivel wall mount if your request them specifically. Useful for changing the angle of view and positioning the TV in the corner. other great features have already been explained in earlier reviews.  This TV has 20 watts of sound a compared to other models which have only 10 watts. Hence great value for this price. It also has IPS panel which comes generally in full HD TVs. 	5 stars	  15 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  After doing a little research on lg led tvs I zeroed down on this one and I ordered for this tv from flipkart on 5/12/14 and got it delivered the next day. I was supposed to buy it later but I got a very good price (Rs.15300 in exchange for my working led tv) so I bought it without checking out this TV in the showroom which would prove to be a mistake though.  Installation and demo was done within three days. During this period do not open the box as it will void your warranty and you may face problems if the piece is damaged.  Since I have a non-hd cable connection, when the tv was put on for the first time, the picture wasn't as clear as it was in my 22inch tv and it looked dull which disheartened me and over that, the LG guy presumably did not know that some settings can be done to get the picture quality as required. I later did those settings / adjustments of colour,contrast etc. and I got a good picture quality.  The audio output of the TV when on cable connection as well as when I connected my external hard disk to the USB port is very good and loud although there isn't any bass effect. The clarity, as I said is not very good on a non-hd connection and even when I tried playing hd movies by connecting an external hard drive it wasn't as good as expected. This may be because the tv is hd ready and not full hd so it has lower resolution. The tv comes without an adapter so it is more prone to damage in case of voltage fluctuation.  I thought that I had purchased one of the best tv's but that changed after I saw this tv in the showroom. Apparently this tv does not have a wide viewing angle which means the picture will change when viewed from different angles giving best views only for a small field of view in front of it. So if your room setting is such that the seating is not within this range then it is advisable not to go for this tv. And what is more surprising is that it does not come with lg's IPS panel so when you move your finger over the screen it leaves impressions making it delicate. These two negatives of the tv puts off the buyer, as being priced higher than the 32ln554a(which has these features) lg hasn't included them although they should have been present by default. Also the metallic finish of the frame looks cheap.  The added feature here is smart mobile link which I don't think is very much useful as it requires a mhl cable and a mhl compatible phone. Overall I would say it is an average tv and obviously worth the buy but I don't really expect it to last for long. That's why I'm considering taking an extended warranty. 	3 stars	  14 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  First of all kudos to Flipkart for its before time delivery and secondly to the amazing deal they gave me on exchange of my old LCD TV ( got 5k off ) wow !!!!   The exchange was absolutely hassle free as the Flipkart guys came and picked up the old TV and delivered the new TV , all done withing 10 mins.  Coming to LG 32LB563B 81 cm (32) LED TV the sound is amazing . Being 32 inch screen, its a delight for the eyes and the metallic frame adds to the beauty of your drawing room . Picture is absolutely amazing at this price .The LG guys wall mounted the TV with a revolving hook , at no extra cost , which comes in very handy when you want to view the Tv from different corners of the room.   Guys go for it and nothing else if your budget is within 21K. 	5 stars	  08 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  The Tv was delivered before time from flipkart and also did the LG service was very prompt. The sound quality is awesome. The movable wall mount stand is an extra added advantage. it helps to move the Tv across the wall to suit our convenience. Overall it was a great experience buying from Flipkart. 	5 stars	  07 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  jst booked this order i hope i will get a 100% geniune product. i should satisfied with it please take care of the good service. 	4 stars	  05 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Ordered this tv on Friday and got it delivered on Saturday by flipkart. Installation was done by LG on Monday. Everthing was completed within a span of three days..all thanks to Flipkart.TV is just awesome as expected. 	5 stars	  03 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  We opened the box only to see it arrived broken. Flipkart took a week to deliver and who knows how long they will take to deliver replacement...very disappointed with flipkart..... 	1 star	  24 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  coming to thre product.... pros:- 1)screen quality is crisp n clear... 2)audio is preety decent when viewing set up box (sd) channels... 3)design is preety slick n metal frame borders add great touch... 4)detects usb within seconds...n plays almost every format flawlessly... 5)plays 1080p videos too without any flaws... cons:- 1)usb audio output is low... 2)sd channels quality is not up to the mark according to my view.hd channels view might be great(i think)... 	4 stars	  23 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this tv from flipcart, excellent paking and delivered in advance which committed by fipcart team. product is so good, cost is cheaper compared to local retail shops. Installation within 24 hours after registering a call to LG.   Finally enjoying the experience.. 	5 stars	  23 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Got the TV delivered today, could not wait for the service install. installed by myself only it takes 5 min to unpack and install. Picture quality is best in the class. Thank to flipkart for fast delivery within 1 day 	5 stars	  18 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  First of all thanks to flipkart for such a fast delivery!!!  I think this product is far much better than samsung Sony LED in this price range i am totally satisfied with the performance if this LED  Thanks 	5 stars	  16 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  First off all this time I was quite disappointed by flipkart service. Ordered the led tv on the big billion day offer of flipkart and received the product after 17 days that too by making several rounds of calls and mails to flipkart customer care. Coming too the Led tv. Its actually a value for money and I received the tv in an exchange with the old crt tv. The exchange was very hassle free and the delivery person were too good. Its about 20 days I am using the Tv. The picture quality is on the par with other tv around this range and may be better too. Sound quality is also nice from the 20watt speaker and for a small hall room no need of any sound bar or home theatre. Regarding connectivity too i must say its quite buttery smooth. Just connect the usb from the side and it gets qickly detected. I watched few movies using pd which were of 720p quality and must say the picture qualit was awesome. Watching sports like football and Cricket was also good. And the look of the tv standing on two supports is also quite good looking in my Hall. Overall a good product by lg and a value for money. Service by lg was also good and hassle free, just a call to lg, register your product and the next day engineer is home for installation. 	5 stars	  14 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  The product was delivered in right time in-spite of heavy rains. The price is very competitive compared to local retailers as they said close to 28k. LG technicians came on the same day of delivery as i called them before the product got delivered. Wall mount, installation and demo are completely free if said we have purchased from flipkart. About the product:  Pros: Good picture quality Good viewing angles Swill wall mount MHL  Cons: Sound a bit disappointment. Average output. But connecting an external speaker may solve this. Both LG and Samsung are of same in this case. If better sound output needed go for Sony.  Verdict: A great product and a great price tag. Go for it!!!!!!!! 	5 stars	  14 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Liked the product but not happy with flipkart customer care who doesn't know whether customer needs to call for installation or it is done by flipkart side. Installation took for me more than 10 days due to this miscommunication from flipkart side. Finally got this installed after 10 days 	4 stars	  11 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Purchased TV on 5th Oct after 20days the sound board had gone faulty. I have raised issue in LG and Flipkart. Flipkart replaced my TV with new one. After that TV is working fine.Best service provided by Flipkart........  About TV- Sound and Picture quality are very good. Overall its a good TV ....Good Service by Flipkart.!!!!!!! 	5 stars	  10 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  the clarity is not so bad but when u get closer u can see that the letters are not clearly visible.... its having stretch marks....or else everything's fine.... 	4 stars	  10 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Since LG is not having it's own manufacured LED pannel , thus it's not able to compter with sony .  You can get good service from LG.  TV shows difference with HD channels , HD channels are more sharper .  Please do not watch only SD with this great TV ,  Lot more control with audio and video.  Still waiting for flipkart's diwali offer of LG 1+1 yr extended warranty. 	4 stars	  07 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I ordered the product on 21st of October and got it on 5th November presumably due to diwali rush. Notwithstanding the inordinate delay, however the product is great and worth the money i spend.The installation by LG guy was swift and easy.Overall a good LED budget TV. 	4 stars	  07 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hi All, today i purchased LG LED Model no: 32LB563B dated on 03/11/2014 from FLIPKART,after receiving product , i contacted LG care about installation and demo of the product, but LG care( 18001809999) people saying that no free installation/ no free demo/ no free wall mount or table tap stand, all are charged if buying from online website and no guarantee or warranty from LG. very bad info i got from LG Care & i immediately informed same info to Flipkart care( 18002089898).   please care if you purchase product from FLIPKART online or some other website 	1 star	  03 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  After a complete research of which television to buy, I chose this model. Some of the other models which was in consideration includes LG 42" Plasma TV, Panasonic 32" Led TV and LG 32" 3D Led TV! LG plasma TV consumes a lot of electricity (100-120 units of electricity approx for a month) and since I rarely watch 3D contents in my TV, I zeroed in on this model! Sony and Samsung weren't even considered because of the high cost and less features when compared to these Tv's. Coming to LG 32LB563B, Awesomeness is a perfect word to describe it  Pros: 1. Brilliant picture clarity - I could see every detail even in a 720p video! 2. It plays all the format including .mkv 3. In my opinion, SD quality set top box is more than enough to watch good quality channels. 4. Mobile connectivity through MHL are other added features which are not even available in other brands at this price  Cons: I didn't find any cons in this TV except for the low volume levels when connected to usb mode but it is negligible considering the price point and other features of the TV  As always, Flipkart delivered the product on time, So kudos to them!  Hence I would highly recommend this product!! 	5 stars	  02 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Awesome picture quality for an HD ready tv. The sound is just what a television should have and voice clarity is awesome. Play almost all the formats from ur ext hdd LG service is too good and fast. 	5 stars	  31 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV (Model No LB750T) last month. When installing the TV, it had black dot on screen corner. The LG executive took some photo snaps and asked me to see if its causing problem. A week later, I started seeing horizontal lines on LED screen and I registered complaint with LG to repair or replace the TV. Its been 1 month and there's no response at all from LG. The price of the TV is 66000 and I am in a pathetic situation now regretting why I chose LG. 	1 star	  30 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  This is one of the best LED in this price tag. i got this yesterday in exchange offer and i am very much satisfied with the service of flipkart in this exchange offer. The packing was awesomee... i didnt find any kind of defect in the tv, though i hav read all the reviews about the features of this tv so i will not mention it. Thanks a lot Flipkart... hats offf.... 	5 stars	  28 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Nice product by LG in min budget. Close ur Eyes & go for it. Nice moving hanger through which you can move your TV anywhere ...loved it :-)   	5 stars	  27 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  It's been more than 20 days since I bought this TV. Clarity and picture quality is excellent. USB gets detected within seconds,reads almost all formats sound quality is more than good if not excellent(that's why I have given 4 stars) Overall, it's one of the best TV in this segment  Flipkart delivery = Excellent; called LG a day in advance before the agreed delivery date by Flipkart LG personnel came on time and installation was easy and smooth  	4 stars	  21 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  First of all the product was delivered right on time. Flipkart always does that.  Now coming to the product. I got this TV for 21k under exchange offer and I am quite satisfied with the product. Family members were pursuing me to buy Sony or Samsung TV but I finally took a chance to go for this one and I would like to thank one of the Flipkart customer care executives who suggested me to go for this one. Here is a short and compact rating on the following features:  Picture quality: Great Sound quality: Good for me (as per my living room's size) UI: Good Installation: Done by the LG guys and explained the features quite well USB port: Just one. But I don't mind that yet. Also there is this power saving feature which enables the TV to power off automatically if it remains idle for 15 minutes.(I like it)  I have been using the product for 1.5 months and till date no problem. You can go for it guys if your budget is around 20k-21k. 	5 stars	  20 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Can I buy dis product ???????????????????????? I m confused.................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Please give response .......... sahre u r views about picture quality sound quality n alll??????????    	2 stars	  19 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Came to know that LG is not providing services for online shopping. Just want to know whether is it true. Request you to share the info asap as I am planning to buy this model. 	4 stars	  18 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this TV on so CALLED BIG BILLION DAY. After placing order, FLIPKART said the product will be delivered by next day. After waiting.. they updated that due to some issues, the delivery will be possible only on 15th October. They didn't even informed me this, they just updated the delivery date on there website. Now after waiting for 15th oct(more than a week), they still didn't delivered the product. Even the scheduled delivery is passed and no information yet. Flipkart is not even replying to my mails. This is really bad from flipkart side. I guess we need some consumer centric rules for e-commerce website which can fine this websites when they do not adhere to there committed policies. I am giving 1 star as of now, as I do not know how the TV will perform. FK, post this review  Tv is performing well at this point of time.. 	5 stars	  15 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hi,  When I placed an order I was told that the installation demo etc will taken care within 2 days by flipkart. After waiting for 2 days i called flipkart.  Now they are saying I have to call LG and process the installation and demo. I don't mind doing it incase I have been pre informed and still chosen the product. But to be told after a consumer has made a purchase is the most ridiculous online shopping experience.  You just are playing with the consumers trust. 	1 star	  11 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  does this tv plays movies via usb ???????? Any user who has bought this tv plz do check and let me know coz im planning to buy this tv, in about a month 	4 stars	  11 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  i am amazed by its picture and build quality, i bought this tv in exchange of my old crt tv and i got the best deal, thanks to flipkart. 	5 stars	  10 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  First of all It is a stylish TV which looks good on the wall. It's metallic design makes it more beautiful.  Picture Quality is good. Sound quality is better than others in same range.  Hats off to FK scheduled delivery. I scheduled it for next day 8.00am and I was shocked to see it was delivered on exact time.  Lg provided the installation within same day when I called. Wall mount is of good quality.  Happy with the purchase.   Installation was done the same day.   PS: I am the winner of flipkart mobile app contest. I got 10000 RS E-voucher from flipkart. I just purchased a wireless mouse and Laptop bag from the mobile app. 	5 stars	  05 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  It's definitely one of the best LED TVs at this price range.. Flip kart deliver was very quick. Got it delivered the very next day Tv feature are awesome its supporting all the format of video including mkv..Sound is ok though..shud connect it to 2.1 HT system if u want theater type deep bass experience... 	4 stars	  03 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I ve no words to say, bcoz flipkard is doing again n again amazing job. Thanks to flipkart and WS Retail also.   Both Flipkart and WS Retail doing amazing Job.  Coming to LED TV :   Picture quality is good sound quality is bit okay, but when u watch in usb its really good Settings options are easy Please use HD Setupbox then only u ll get HD quality It supports all video format.  Overall Product s Awesome and Price also very low compared to others.   Ordered at 29-sept-2014, got deliverd the next day itself and demos and installation also done on the same day. Everything has been done in just 2 days. Thanks to LG Service also.  Guys, dont hesitate to buy this product. Its really worth to buy. 	5 stars	  01 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Excellent TV at excellent price............................................................................................................................................................... 	5 stars	  29 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  I ordered the TV on Saturday and I got the TV on next day, that was amazing high speed delivery from Flipkart.About TV ; it's good TV for the price and it plays allmost all movie formats from USB drive 	5 stars	  29 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  I am a regular customer for flipkart.....once again flipkart proved, how the commitment for prompt delivery matter to them ....flpkart service is overall one of the best service in India..  come to product, LG is trusted brand, looking to product, Overall quality of product is nice. See below rating given by me....  Sound Quality: Out of 10 I am giving 9 star Video Quality: Out of 10 I am giving 7.5 star Screen & look: Out of 10 I am giving 9 star  Overall product is nice 	4 stars	  25 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Price was competative compared to other websites and dealers, TV was delivered promptly in less than 24 hrs with a continous update starting from order to delivery and also post delivery call to update how we can avail the installation, latest model, value for money, but yet to check the quality of the TV 	4 stars	  25 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  i orderd this product, reached ontime, am satisfyed with the flipkart service, good service, am preffering to buy in the flipkart itself 	5 stars	  24 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Bought a Philips from Flipkart, which was defective., They took it back, and I bought this. Much, much better picture, sound as well as build quality. Plays every video format that I have. Great value for money TV. Colours are great too. This is as good as my Sony Bravia for image quality. 	5 stars	  20 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Just one word awesome choice Budgeted one ............great offer......superb sound quality  n ya marvellous picture qualityyyy.............................  	5 stars	  15 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  T.V is very good, just the way i wanted. fulfills all my expectations. The sound and picture quality are really nice.price is reasonable, within my budget. also must thank flipkart for their awesome service. The T.V was delivered within 24 hrs and was installed on the same day. I am fully satisfied. Thanks L.G. Thanks Flipkart. 	4 stars	  06 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Its great to see the way they are customer centric processes. It looks like thousands of eyes at Flipkart are closely watching what a customer wants, how he expects the website to respond and they deliver accordingly. The updates at every step is amazing and I would say they under promise and over deliver. This is my 4th or 5th experience with Flipkart an they delivered it consistently - every time. Good Job 	5 stars	  01 Sep 2014 
flipkart.com	  Impressed by the product and the delivery timeline met by the seller.  thank you 	5 stars	  25 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  Even being the base model of the product the quality is good. The price is almost 3-4 K less than what is available in the local market.  The delivery was superfast as always and wa delivered with in 30hrs.  The product was new, seal packed and opened by the flipkart delivery personnel in presence of me.   For installation need to raise a service request with LG and the installation was completed within 4-5 Hrs. 	5 stars	  13 Aug 2014 
flipkart.com	  The Product is too good. My rating is 4.6 out of 5. Reasonable Price. All Audio and Video Formats are playing well except .mkv video format.  The main backlogs are .mkv format is not playing and Only one USB port is somewhat another drawback.  Quality is good. I will test in my TV all formats are played very well. Easy Installation. :-) 	5 stars	  25 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  the product is good for the money you spend for it. Not the best in class but you can't complain. cshjgcshcvkjchvjfshjvlf vdjilf vjfdv 	4 stars	  24 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  Just within 10days the display is gone & the filpkart customer support is saying they cant help with this issue & only LG service centre can help. When i reached lg service they are saying we cannot replace the product as its 10days old, they can replace it only within 4 days. Flipkart gives a fake guarantee for replacement within 30 days. Now I need to wait for couple of days to get it repaired.. 	1 star	  22 Jul 2014 
flipkart.com	  I like to point out one major flaw about this TV before anyone jumped into this ;  Please Note : THIS TV WILL NOT SUPPORT 1920X1080P SIGNAL FROM YOUR LAPTOP/DESKTOP/MAC COMPUTER. IF YOUR PURPOSE TO CONNECT THIS TV OVER HDMI AND USE AS LARGE MONITOR, PLEASE LOOKS ELSE WHERE. BECAUSE THIS TV DON'T HAVE DVI SIGNAL PROCESSING SUPPORT OVER HDMI. YOUR ONLY OPTION TO USE VGA PORT WHICH IS RIDICULOUS IN 2014. FOR THE DEBATE SAKE YOU CAN CONNECT YOUR PC OVER HDMI BUT IT WILL RECOGNIZE AS ANY REGULAR HDMI DEVICE AND YOU WILL SEE BELOW STANDERED PICTURE QUALITY - LIKE CHOPPED OF COLOR ETC.   The above thing also confirmed by Service Engineer who came to my house for installing and demo. Already make a post @ Philips Support Forum ->TV Forum->TV Connectivity Section titled as "Philips 40PFL5059/V7 - Can't able to handle 1080p Signal from Computer ?" - Anyone can read the details.  Now it perfectly make sense why 40 inch FHD panel cost so less.   ---------------------------------------------------------------  Now my Review / Feedback - (after using for 3 Days),   There is absolute no word what Flipkart & Philips done together, From FK side all the discount and exchange offer with 12 months EMI - (Interest back as cash back) with additional 10% discount during X-Mass Eve is to Hard to resists - To my case product is delivered in very polite & professional way by the E-Kart team and the pick up of the old CRT TV done at the same time,  and once it delivered Philips after support activated and they even send their Engineer in my time/day of convince.   Pros : -  1. All other review mentioning picture quality is true - nothing to add here.  2. I found sound is quite sufficient for a such almost no bezel device - For regular TV watching it is adequate.  3. There is full composite out so you can hook any 2.1 system with this TV - You may need RCA-3..5" converter cable though in case of your sound system got no provision for RCA.  4.Despite many folks complains as well manual also say so - I found this TV support NTFS DRIVE over USB pretty much well - Though I agree there is limited codec support but the TV detect my two 1 TB drive 2.5" External (A-Data & Verbatim) very easily and play movie files from it along with Music & Picture.   Cons: -   1.Operating System of the TV is pretty basic - You get what you pay for - Very limited shortcut for adjusting Picture & Sound presets. There is no shortcut key for adjusting back-light - You need to go deep to adjust or control it.  2.No Eco mode or Auto Energy saving mode like Samsung, where you can adjust 3 steps back light value with the shortcut of the key.  3.Instruction manual was useless as well  4.For PC connectivity you must rely on VGA port as mentioned earlier.  5.No Firmware upgrade for future - You stuck what you got forever.  6.During playing video for the 1st Time from USB - it took 45 mins to figure out how to play the video Full Screen - at some point I start to believe there is no way to watch video in Full Screen at USB mode - and there is no info written at the manual about the same.  7.Not so well thought out Remote Design (here I mean to usage of the remote button) - There is literally no function for Colored keys (Red/Blue/Yellow/Green) unless you are stuck into Analog Cable Signal - No user customizable button either.   8. Great for HD content - but not so good for SD Content reason there is always over processing nature of this TV until you figure out how to tone down some of it's component.  Hooked up with TataSky HD+ connection and HD (sports) channels are truely shining with this TV...It really looks stunning but the same is not applicable for SD channels.  Despite of all this being 40" FHD panel with such offer from FK and the Manufacturer of Philips with 3 years warranty it is Highly recommended and very VFM for 2nd or 3rd TV at home with it's stunning sexy looks and gorgeous picture quality.  	4 stars	  31 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  THIS IS MY FIRST BUY WITH FLIPKART OF SUCH BIG AMOUNT. I WAS VERY DELIGHTED TO SEE THE LED TV BUT AFTER INSTALLATION I FOUND THAT THE TV IS UNABLE TO ACCESS HARD DRIVE DATA. THE TECHNICIAN TOLD THAT THE TV HAD RAM PROBLEM OK. NOW ON THE SECOND DAY THE TV WAS GOING WELL WHEN AFTER 2 HOURS THE TV GOT DEAD. IN FACT THE POWER LED ON THE TV WAS ALSO DEAD.I TOLD FLIPKART ABOUT THE INCIDENT AND THERE COOPERATION WAS VERY GOOD.THEY RETURNED THE DEFECTIVE TV AND REFUNDED THE THE WHOLE AMOUNT .  I WILL DEFINITELY RATE 5 STAR SERVICE FOR THIS QUALITY BUSINESS.  	5 stars	  23 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  First A Big Thanks to Flipkart,com for their deals and great service...  Iam looking to Buy good 40Inches LED TV with fixed budget of 30K my search began in flipkart.com in my budget range i got two options first one is LG Plasma 442inches and Samsung 43inches Television both are in my budget after exchange so finally decided to buy LG plasma TV but to my good luck i have seen this fantastic TV with great reviews of Philips 4000 series 40inches LED Full HD TV almoust all reviews are positive but i didnt like the bezel design after searching some models in philips i liked this Brand new series from philips its 5000 series 40inches specifications and hardware is exactly same has 4000 series 40inches LED Full HD TV but i didnt find one single review but by comparing specs i decided to good of this beauty  My purchase offer Philips Price 33990 with 10% Off(3399rs)  Exchanged my old 21inches AKAI CRT TV for 2500rs  final price 28141rs with 3 years Warranty from Philips india   About Philips TV this is one of the best design in my opinion bazels are very thin and beautiful Table top Stand is robust and beautiful  Pros:  -Excellent VFM@28k -Excellent picture Quality beautifully designed bezels very thin and Excellent material Quality i think that material Quality is topnotch equals to Sony,Samsung and LG. -Very usefulls connectivity ports like 2xHDMI,1xUSB, AV-In, AV-Out, Audio PC-In, VGA. -Simple and easy UI very user friendly for non technical knowledged persons. -Sound Quality acceptable for this lind of thin TV. -USB Detection is super fast plays all kind of formats -HDMI ports perfect i can play browse watch anything i can do while connected to my VAIO Laptop image quality is excellent  -Table Mount is beautifull and durable in quality -image quality is great even with local cable connection too  Cons:  -One of the biggest negative point is low sound production while files streaming from USB. -No 3.5 MM Jack port for Audio out   Over all this LED Full HD TV is excellent Value for money product i should recommend every one buy this TV if u want good quality and good Value 	5 stars	  05 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Thankyou Flipkart for the excellent deal at Rs.29.3K  Pros. .Very thin and beautiful display.. Watched movies in Full HD format.. WOW !!. .The most beautiful TV as far as I have seen.Trust me even Sony(My fav), Samsung and LG don't have an offering with extreme thin bezels(border) which was my requirement. .The horizontal Philips branding part looks very premium kind of design.. .Detects USB drives very fast. Movie play is hassle free. .Table mount and wall mount are very beautiful. .Sound is loud enough with DTH connection.  Cons. .Low USB movie play volume with select movies only & some movies sounded loud enough.I overcame this limitation by connecting 2.1 music system using 2 RCA male to 3.5 mm stereo female cable to AV out. Works very fine.  Very very happy with the purchase..  Excellent value for money.. 	5 stars	  27 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Received the TV within 1 day of ordering, and just another day more to get it installed. Awesome service as promised by flipkart. Happy about it.  Would begin with one negative, probably this is by luck in my set, received a faulty remote control (not quite faulty, but it misses the spring in battery chamber, the Philips executive has made it work makeshift with a conducting wire, and has promised would be replaced soon). Anyways, it does work fine currently.   Coming back to the TV,  1. The design and aesthetics is simply awesome. Probably this being a very latest model (Released in September/October 2014), the looks and design impresses way beyond any other tv in this range.  2. Picture quality is simply superb, While the HD channels have got a different dimension of clarity, the SD channels have got a finer touch as well (Pardon, if I am being too biased, but this being a personal opinion as compared to my previous LCD tv and other tvs I have tried out). Haven't quite tried out Samsung/Sony Latest products, so won't comment on the comparable quality of this. 3. A lot of reviews have spoken a bit negative on the sound, but I feel okay with it. Yes, it hasn't quite got superb bass/treble, but c'mmon if that is the audio quality we expect, we can always go for a home theatre, lets not be harsh on the TV for this. 4. 3 Years Warranty is an added advantage for this TV 5. The TV has got quite good response time and hardly lags in detection and mode switches  Well, what else do we require from a TV? 40 inches LED TV from the Brand of Philips, with a 3 Years warranty for which I paid 24.5k (after my old LCD exchange), I am quite happy about it and would definitely recommend 	5 stars	  17 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I got this one for 30k after availing an exchange offer. Good service by flipkart. Product is fantastic in basics, but you know where you saved those 10k over other brands once you start using it.  Pros :  - Looks fantastic, stand is made of some really heavy metal and feels durable and sturdy,(we have a Sony Bravia 40inch at its stand was partially made of plastic)  - Does a fantastic job of producing image. Clarity of Standard definition is at par with Sony/Samsung products. (It also depends a lot on the cable network and the signal strength). HD content is reproduced well and is comparable to Samsungs/Sonys/LGs  - Volume levels can go pretty high, but the sound itself is meek given the slim structure, no bass or high frequency notes are audible only midrange is good. The 'incredible surround' technology is brilliant. Connecting external speakers highly recommended to experience it.   Cons: - Out of the box functionality is limited. No options to customize color temperature manually, though there are 4-5 fixed settings to choose from. The display is so bright that your eyes will feel strained watching bright content (Like a test match, snow laden scenery etc) at nights with all lights off. Unlike Sony, there is no utra-soft preset mode which reduces brightness and contrast which strains eyes at night.   - One USB connection only.  - GUI is very old and feels like built-to-cost. It covers the entire screen.  - Power source has the circuit for DC conversion built inside the TV, unlike Sony where you have a laptop adapter like arrangement, if in an unfortunate event, there is a power surge and that circuit is damaged, you will have to give the entire TV set for repair. Voltage stabilizer is recommended although not necessary if there are no voltage issues in your home.  Summary : Definitely worth the money. Infact, the asking price outweighs all the cons I've mentioned above since you will be saving around 10k compared to its competitors. For that 10k you can get a great 5.1 ch speaker system.   Hope it helps. NJ 	4 stars	  16 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  It is a best product and best deal in market.  Very good HD clarity Good sound Easy to access Not complicated operations  Tip: If you want surround round go for 100W+ home theatre or soundbar+woofer 	5 stars	  03 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I wanted a Full HD TV with a 40" screen. Saw the great reviews of Philips 40PFL4958 which is a 2013 model. This a 2014 model and a very recent launch on Flipkart I think.   Flipkart delivery is superb as usual.. Bang on time.. Though I hold a small grouse on the not so courteous male CS exec's who couldn't give me accurate info on the exact delivery time.. Booked on the 21st evening and delivered on 28th as promised. Exchanged an Old CRT for this beauty.  The installation by Philips staff was excellent. very curteous, knowledgeable and prompt.  First things first this one is an absolute stunner.. The slim bezel and beautiful finish is absolutely stunning..   Here are the pro's -   1. 40" FHD LED tv @ 28k.. What more can one ask for ?? 2. Very Slim and stylish. 3. Picture quality is very good. Video's played from my pen drive and HD DTH  are simply stunning.. 240 Hz motion is good and did not find the soap opera effect as   prominent as I had thought. 4. 3 year Philips warranty. 5. Very decent inputs.. 2 Hdmi, 1 Component, 1 AV and Usb. 6. UI is quite fast, pleasing and intutive. 7. Pen drive / external HDD was recognized in a jiffy and playback started fast and is   quite smooth. Played Big movies ( Over 2-5 GB ) smoothly.. No stuttering.. 8. Normal digital cable STB also gives a decent picture.. ( No upscaling ) 9. Lower power consumption compared to the older model's ( 75w vs 100w )  Cons..   1. Sound quality is weak as is expected from slim LED's. The sound is quite tinny and   totally lacks any Bass.  I would gladly recomend this TV to anybody looking for a budget LED TV with no extra frills.. It's a steal @ the price being offered.. Thanks to Flipkart for once again giving an absolute bargain and superb service. 	5 stars	  02 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  About Flipkart: Rating : * Philips 40PFL5059 was available Rs 29990 on 24th and then it was available for Rs 30990 on the day of electronic sale (25th May) with 10% off option with Axis Bank and that too is not working. I made the purchase hoping that I will get discous of 2500 Rs with Axis card payment but that too was not done and had to call the customer care. Now they are saying that it will be credited to my card account in some time.   This is rediculous, why to put fake sale if you have to increase the price and then offer some silly discount which also dont works...   About Philips TV: Rating : *** Philips 40PFL5059 is awesome for this price, very nice display, good picture quality however features available with this tv are very less. Menu options are very basic and navigation may make you feel like if you are using some old TV. My previous 32" Philips LCD had more options than this one like, color temperature, RGB adjustment etc.  No 3.55 sound output available which is big time let down and you have to use RCA cable if you want to connect external speakers. I felt 3.55 was giving better sound quality than RCA if you are using HDMI as source.   Overall, not bad deal. 	2 stars	  25 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Loving this and a great deal at a great price. Flipkart delivery was on time.  Pros:  Great Picture Qualityon D2H HD, USB as well as PC through HDMI.  Sound is good enough for D2H.  TV design and stand looks beautiful.  Philips the brand.  Price.  Cons:  Picture settings are somewhat limited, can't calibrate the individual colours independently.  The menu UI not the best to say.  Thanks Philips and Flipkart. 	5 stars	  02 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  The product is really awesome it's worth for money, while comparing to other brands like LG, SONY, Sam etc... Philips is giving this product for less money and the brand value is also there, Also from flipkart we will be getting 3years of warranty it's really great,  Pros. More than value for money 700rs per inch . Very very thin edegs and it's very slim. Table mount Stand looks very sexy and the build quality is really awesome. Sound is good with DTH. USB detection is very fast and the video play very smooth. Less weight while comparing to other products. 240HZ motion is really great you will feel it in the HD videos.  Cons: Will update later :)  	5 stars	  28 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  There is some issue with the display it has very sharp colors used for one week and returned back. good work from flipkart the return process was hassle free 	1 star	  23 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Trying to order this product for the past couple months, still no delivery option in Chennai. Always says cannot ship to your loction. Looks like its not available in most major cities. No response from Flipkart as well on ETA. 	2 stars	  28 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Installation of the unit has not been done even after 7 days of delivery and registering a complaint for 4 times with Philips Customer Care center.  Excellent service from Flipkart though for delivering the product 5 days earlier than the original due date. 	1 star	  27 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Awesome.!!  Nice elegant design. Picture quality is good. Quick Delivery by Flipkart as scheduled. Next Day Installation by Philips.  Sound quality is not as expected. Volume is a bit low.  Better to go to Philips instead of Micromax, VU, AOC, etc. 	5 stars	  30 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart's website is good...offers are also good that lures buyers..but the problem starts once the product has been purchased...  Also just realised that Flipkart only puts reviews with good ratings on product pages -- other reviews are just junked...giving 5 stars so that atleast prospective buyers will be allowed to read my comments...  1. On product page, they promise next day delivery..(while there is a disclaimer that some delays are likely due to festive season) and by the time you are have made payment - they ask you to schedule a delivery which is by default 5 days down the line...nonetheless, a customer choses a preferred time and schedules delivery 2. Till the date of scheduled delivery, no alerts or intimations are send to the customer on status of the order 3. On the day of scheduled delivery, the customer stays home all day to receive the product but nothing arrives...(though a mail arrived in the morning saying you will receive the product today as per your scheduled delivery) 4. the next day, the customer goes to work and the doors are locked...meanwhile he has informed the Flipkart Customer Care multiple times to please call before coming for delivery....but these requests of customers are not heeded....the delivery guy reaches the delivery address and calls the customer....The customer has to leave office in a hurry creating a mess as the delivery boy says that he will not be able to come back later...  5. after that, while the customer somehow manages to take the delivery, he is asked to not open the package and wait for Philips installation guys...he is promised an installation in 24 hours...  6. Now, after more than 24 hours of delivery there is no update on installation...later (after 24 hours have elapsed and the customer has been calling Flipkart for help all through) - an installation update is sent which says that installation will happen over next 3 days...  7. Now 2 days have passed - and I am sitting with the package waiting for installation as the Philips guys are yet to call me....  WAITING ENDLESSLY AT THE MERCY OF FLIPKART An order placed on October 21 is delivered on October 26 and installation is yet to happen...  Had read multiple reviews that spoke about Flipkarts quick delivery and installation support but MY EXPERIENCE HAS BEEN PATHETIC......While I have been calling Flipkart every now and then to seek updates -- there is no mechanism to provide updates to customers...also all customer requests are just ignored...  YET TO USE THE PRODUCT AND REVIEW THE SAME 	5 stars	  29 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I purchased this in late December 2014. So it will be completing it's 8 months in few days. Pixels on all four corners, plus edges on left and right looks burned. If you do not know what is pixel burning just google. basically those pixels are showing little grayed image. I knew it's not an IPS panel as will have issue with viewing angle, but if you see from front exactly, still you'll see these grayed images, specially visible when nearby pixels are of the same color. It's still in warranty(Flipkart said 3 yrs!!!) but Philips says it's a problem with this model. I don't think that's true, it wasn't the when I bought it, I feel. So my advise is to not to go for this model. People might argue that I've not used it properly and should know burning period, I know what is pixel burning and used it as suggested for initial 200 hrs. Philips won't repair/replace this and you'll stuck with this. I hope this helps in making your decision. I see many people are praising this for it's contrast and black behavior, that was the reason I bought this. Genuine advise, avoid this. 	1 star	  23 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Fully satisfied with the product. Using this product since last 1 month and face no issues with any function like playing movies from 2TB external drive or DVD player, connectivity with laptop. Voice is louder enough for my 10' x 12' room.  All in all it is a worth buy for me.  The only issue faced with extra warranty of 2 Years. Called several times to Philips and Flipkart CCE for same and every time these guys assured me that my product has 3 Years of warranty, hard copy or soft copy (email) will reach to me this or that time but didn;t get anything as proof (written). let finger crossed to get warranty information in writing. 	5 stars	  23 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hope this would be my last transaction with Flipkart, they promise extended warranty for 2 years from Philips.  This is false information, I have registered my details on Poweroftwo website few weeks ago and yet no details.  Called Flipkart & Philips customer care, they are passing the ball.  TV is good but Flipkart & Philips are fooling customers with false offers.  Thomas 	1 star	  19 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi, I am a fan of Philips brand and looking at great offers on this tv set I was very excited to buy this tv,got 40" Full HD with an old tv replacement amounting all to 30K approx. However I dont find the picture quality good. All picture seems to be a little hazy and not crystal clear. I tried to apply different settings as well but as already mentioned by some one that the picture settings are limited to which I agree. I am a little disappointed from Philips. Flipkart sale and delivery is absolutely fine, however philips peaple take 3 working days to come and install(sunday is a off),I waited for 3 days and finally called up philips customer care to send some one to come and install on urgent basis then they send their person for the installation. Overall, I was not so happy with the picture quality and I raised a return request . Then some one from flipkart called me and promised for philips technician's visit to my home to see the problem. The philips technician came home and re-flashed the ROM and after that the picture quality got improved and its really good and I am happy now :) 	2 stars	  03 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi,  I ordered this TV on 19th April 15 & received the same on the next day morning. Installation was done on 20th.  Performance & Picture Quality of this TV is good. Till now i have not faced any problem.  Flipkart service is very fast. 	5 stars	  27 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Was searching for LED TV since last 1 year. Had been to dubai and singapore but did not bought even though the price were attractive. I wanted to buy from india bcz of warranty coverage.   Initially zeroed down to Micromax but after a bit of thought found this model of Philips... Fall in love at first sight ... Very sleek ... Thin bezel....Crystal clear vision ... Stunning performance....  Price at Philips store was 49K, they were ready to offer discount upto 2K !!!! I got it at 29K with exchange on Flipkart...   Delivery of flipkart is super speed....... The person who delivery was so courteous and soft spoken.... For installation i had lodged a call with philips as soon as i order TV, hence the technician came within 10 minutes of my TV delivered at home... Got installed within 10 minutes...   One month passed, enjoying the TV fully. Checked TV by attaching every gadget to TV and found working absolutely ok...   Now comes best part, i got it converted to "SMART" TV just by attaching Google "CHROMCAST" for mere Rs. 2500/-. Working absolutely stunning with iphone/ipad/laptop...We are enjoying youtube/vimeo/daily motion videos .... From laptop google chrome ... watch unlimited movies online without download on viooz.ac   I would advise people not to go for any high cost so called smart TV. Just buy CHROMCAST and you are thru... provided you have high speed (>2Mbps) at home. send me a message i will help about CHROMCAST.  Rush and get this TV before it's sold out.......  	5 stars	  21 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought the TV without even seeing it physically so there was always that i was taking. So after taking that leap of faith with Flipkart since it was being sold by WS retail i was not so worried. Delivered well within time and setup was done as scheduled. very happy about that.  Why i bought this TV? 1. SIZE. I moved from a 4 year old 32 inch LG to this 40 inches beauty. Actually there is hardly a difference between the 2 TVs as this one comes with a very thin or almost no border as compared to the old 32 inch TV. The stand is also quiet cool looking and strong.  2. QUALITY. The FULL HD picture quality is great specially because of the 240HZ refresh rate. In common words there is almost NO blurring of fast moving objects, specially the news scroll which can give you a headache if blurry. you can actually read the news and came handy while watching Delhi poll results :D I recommend using a 240Hz compatible HDMI cable.  3. INPUTS. i am glad it has 2 HDMI ports. very useful when you connect your Set top box and have an option of connecting another device like a WD MEDIA HUB or a CHROMECAST too.  4. EXTENDED WARRANTY. Most TVs come with 1 year warranty and you pay 4-7 thousand to extend it for another year. in this case i got 3 years with the TV that costs appx 34K. Thumbs up to philips for that. i feel more confident of the product while buying.  NOW what i am not happy about  1. SOUND. Is VERY low yes VERY VERY low. no base at all and i am not some sound expert. just to normal ears its odd after listening to a regular LG TV for so long.  2. Only1 USB. i was hoping for another one. Don't know what i would have used it for but at least one more.  3. Placement of ports. I genuinely think that port need to be behind towards the base and not on the side. its just more convenient and you can do away with the mess cables create. now with the port on the side the cables are seen more in my case as i have not mounted the TV on my wall.  Overall if you are going to connect external speakers or a sound bar and are okay with the cables looking a bit messy i recommend this TV. 4 stars (One less for bad sound) 	4 stars	  17 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart as usual on time and excellent delivery! Mind you they got it in 12 hours. Next day installation by Philips!  I have been using this TV for almost a month and found all the features to be sharp and excellent. Quality depends on source! Sd set top box would give mediocre quality for some channels while excellent for the others. HDMI input gives excellent sound and video experience.  PS3 games have an excellent and seamless flow. Loving this TV for clarity with blu-ray (PS3). Connectivity:- Sufficient HDMI's (2) and 1 USB. Constraint:- With TV on Wall mount adding and removing cables is an issue. Sound is decent and I dont see any sound issues when I watch varied programmes on TV. All connectivities work seamlessly. I connected my Laptop through HDMI and was stuned @ colour reproduction and clarity. You can use this TV as monitor for your laptop / for watching movies. (Connecting through HDMI input on Laptop would be better).  Menu options are basic. But you do get all that is required!  Very Happy with this purchase.   	5 stars	  12 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Excellent TV for a very user friendly price. Don't be misled by the price, quality is absolutely top class. plays all formats from 1TB hard disk. Coupled it with my tablet through HDMI and using it as Smart TV also. 	5 stars	  23 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its been 3 weeks since this TV arrived at my home. My experience as below:  Flipkart Service: Just awesome !!! From ekart shipping to installation follow ups to Philips was very good experience. Impressed with Flipkart  Philips installation: Not so good (at least in Pune). Technician was too rude, Installation call got cancelled 2 times because he came without notice and wanted to install TV when i was in office.   Coming to TV Pros: 1. TV is lightweight and with thin bezels, looks good aesthetically 2. Picture quality is comparable and even surpasses other brand Full HD tvs (ensured this in showrooms before ordering Online :) ) 3. 240Hz motion rate, though not usable practically for now. Good to be future proof  4. Power Consumption (70W) is even lower than that of 32 inch TVs 5. Standard and enough connectivity options (HDMI, USB, Composite etc.) 6. Price in budget and the biggest plus 7. 3-Years Philips warranty :)  Cons: 1. Audio - Volume is enough but there is no punch, it is quite flat (no bass or treble effects). I knew this before hand (from showroom) but accepted since i already have 5.1 home theatre 2. UI is very basic - nothing much to customize or play with. However, preconfigured settings will suffice daily usage 3. Cannot change video format (4:3, 16:9 etc) when playing videos from USB source. Only TV channels will allow you to do so  So if we consider price and if you already have good sound system. Go for it !!! 	5 stars	  13 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  This was one VFM product. I was bough tin offer where this tv was 33k and i was given 7k in offer which includes exchange of my portable tv (which flipkart took for 3k) And the purchase was for Rs 26800. What more can it be a 40' LED FULL HD TV for 26K :-)   Awesome picture quality with HD DTH. Made Chromecast connected, and it is a smarter TV for the price value of 30K.   Wel Done Flipkart. 	4 stars	  03 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Excellent Service from Flipkart team, I have already recommended my   friends to buy from Flipkart. Delivery was very quick, (Ordered on 23 Dec and received on 26 Dec   as promised). Demo and Installation was also done on very next day. Product Philips LED 40PFL5059/V7 is very good,  Picture quality and Sound quality is also very Good. (Most of the   reviews says that sound is very low, However I found the Sound   quality is very good, My Living room size is 12x18, at just keeping   the volume at 30 point is enough to listen. I also got 3 Years extended warranty registered on   http://www.poweroftwo.in/warranty.aspx, Received the confirmation "Philips LED TV Warranty just got   upgraded!" 	5 stars	  30 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Bought this beauty with 20% discount on Flipkart First Day. Kudos to Flipkart and Ekart for offering such an efficient exchange service. They delivered it within 48 hours and installation was done 3-4 days later. Flipkart CC followed up until the installation was done. Very nice.  Positives: 1. 40 inch FullHD Philips @ 26k! 2. Simple yet elegant design, just the way I like it. 3. Picture quality is impressive, to say the least. I had already prepared a USB with few HD movies and video files with various formats. And to my surprise, it played everything except few files with DTS, Opus and 10-bit AVC. Very impressive! 4. Menu UI is simple and efficient. As is the Remote. 5. NTFS support. Manual does say only FAT16, FAT32 is supported, but one day I accidentally put in a NTFS formatted flash drive and to my surprise, it was detected and I could play everything in it. After that I tested couple of portable 2TB drives, and both worked flawlessly!  Negative:  1. Sound. Flat, hollow, tiny. It's tolerable while watching cable, but I could barely hear some of the movies from USB, even at 100 volume. Fortunately I had my decade old Creative Inspire 4.1 lying around. Plugged it in and since then TV sound is kept at zero.  About the warranty, Flipkart says 3 years, but Philips manual says 12 months. Philips technician said that you need to register on Philips website for warranty. So I did, but there's no mention of warranty there. When I registered my Philips AquaTouch, there was clear mention of three year warranty, so still not clear about the warranty period.  Overall, quite satisfied with it. Highly recommended for its elegant simplicity and picture quality, but keep your speakers or home theaters ready if you want the sound quality! ;) 	4 stars	  29 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Purchased a Philips 40PFL5059 LED TV from the 5000 Series from Flipkart and was delivered on precisely on time. Flipkart Advertises that the Installation and Demo of the Tv is done within 48 hours from the delivery of the product. I received a text message from Flipkart saying you have been booked for the same and that i will be receiving a call from the manufacturer.This was false since i did not receive any call from anyone regarding this matter. As i made a complaint against this i was Emailed that i needed wait for 2 more days and that i have been placed on priority basis. Philips technician finally arrived on the 6th day and installed my TV.  I am not sure how serious Flipkart is about their customer service but one thing is for sure that Flipkart is false advertising their services. 	3 stars	  03 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  This TV has everything and nothing. If you prefer only screen then its the best  Pros: Great Picture quality Sound is good but bass is too poor Price  Cons: No one mentioned it doesn't support NTFS file system but rather FAT32, 16 common a decode old technology, which is big letdown. you have 40 inch TV and you have to watch video of less than 4 GB size   No system to upgrade firmware means you are stuck with what you get and will have no features upgrade.  	2 stars	  26 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I received defective piece.  Very poor service by philips. installation process was very bad.  Dont buy any product from philips company. 	1 star	  08 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Overall TV is good, picture quality is nice. Sound quality is also Average. But the biggest Disappointment/Flaw is that it do not recognize any USB( hard disk) and reboot the TV. TV automatically reboots when we connect the USB drive. I have tested it on multiple drives and the issue persists for all. Flipkart team has been informed on this issue and exchange with same/other brand has been initiated.  	2 stars	  04 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  This TV has poor color reproduction failing horribly when compared to the likes of LG or Sony TVs.The sound system is just average and by no means satisfactory.The price is a bit low compared to other models available,but does this not even justify this low price tag.Overall,nothing good in this model except for the screen size.Please don't waste your money. 	1 star	  04 Oct 2015 
flipkart.com	  about flipkart...no complaints...great service...timely delivery...well packed items. Cant ask for anything else. about product....great at this price...display is good...sound with USB is poor...sound with HDMI/TV is Ok. If u don't want to go for costlier products of Sony or Samsung this is a good deal. 	5 stars	  04 Oct 2015 
flipkart.com	  This was a good purchase by me. Was doubtful earlier when I saw some of the reviews, but went on my instincts and purchased it. Its really good and has not given me any problems so far. A budget LED TV with great picture quality. 	5 stars	  24 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Great tv with excellent picture quality. Sound is on the lower side but can be rectified with external speakers. All features work very good. It supports full hd via hdmi cable unlike some other reviewer said. Picture quality is at par with lg or sony. 	5 stars	  20 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is a superb tv from philips.I purchased from flipkart at 30990.Great value for your money.Before buying this TV from flipkart i checked the price in retail store which costs 39750.I saved 8760.As promised TV was delivered in 2days. Cons: 1)Little disappointed with TATA SKY HD.Only HD channels are looking good.Would suggest for Airtel HD. 2)TV Sound will disappoint you..better connect a good sound device 	4 stars	  14 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  The T.V. is simply awesome, simple to operate. Picture quality is amazingly great. using it with HD setup box and believe me you can not get this brilliant quality even in highly priced T.Vs available in market. The USB port can detect External HDD upto 500 gb (never tried beyond this capacity), can play almost every format of videos and audios. Truly awesome HD TV at an amazingly super price.  Delivery and installation support from flipkart was great :) 	5 stars	  12 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  For this price Picture clarity is good, equals other Higher brands. But on Sound its very poor. 4 Star for picture  Thanks to Flipkart for Timely delivery. 	4 stars	  08 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  I had perches this LED TV 1 weak before. this is a good product of this range.  HD quality is very good . picture quantity is best view when you connect DTH or HD video. sound qulity also good. overall this is a good product of this price . 	4 stars	  08 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Best deal ever with this product and valid priz for this Philips 40 inch LED. You can proceed to check out for best buy without doubt.   Thanks to delivery for date before committed.  Once again thanks to fitting for next commited day (not more than 3 days from delivery). 	4 stars	  06 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its been more than two weeks when I bought this products, delivery installation was all done on time. As far as TV is concerned, its the best piece you can get at this price with confidence of Phillips. Picture quality is perfect, looks really good the only thing you may have to compromise on is on its Sound. Sound is good when a normal TV is being watched however under USB mode sound goes really slow and would require external speakers to have audible sound in USB mode. 	4 stars	  06 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this as BDay gift to my dad on 7th Aug and promised delivery date given to me as 14th Aug but delivered on 20th Aug then there is no followup on installation or demo after long email chains and multiple calls several escalations it didn't happen i paid by my pocket to get the TV installed after 11 days on 1st Sep a guy showed on doorstep for installation which is toooooo late Few points i would to mention here 1. TV delivered in 13days after several followup  2. Call center executive has only one answer - We have escalated the issue and will be resolved in 2 working days (took almost 6 complains to get Tv delivery ) 3. Installation same story took 7-8 calls always same answer - We are very sorry and we have escalated issue and will be resolved ASAP ( next date they give is another 2 days) 4. Got call from engineer from chandigarh where as TV is delivery address is Chattisgarh are these guys can't read address properly ? 5. I have to spend extra money from my pocket to install but i have keep getting sorry from the flipkart guys no refund !!!  There is no Minus stars to give them ..... literately F$$$K up service 	1 star	  02 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  not the excessive features as samsung and other companies but a normal loaded features for a good price vga doesn't work that effectively as port doesnt give a tight grip but everything works fine 	3 stars	  16 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this product a few days ago after lot of research over the net. As far as display is concerned this is a very good product at the price it is being offered. I had also visited some of the showrooms of different makes to see their price but finally decided to go for this product because of the PRICE, FEEDBACKs from previous buyers and the PHILIPS brand. After using this product I feel I have made a right decision. Similar products are offered by other Big Brands for not less than 40K-45K (some of them offering a 2.1 speaker with this TV) in the showroom which might come down by 5K-6K online. But still this one is cheaper.   As far as FK is concerned their service was great and the price I got was around 27.5K after discounts and cash back from Credit Card. The delivery guys were also very punctual. Since I wanted to check for damages inside they opened the box in front of me showed me everything and again packed it back to original condition. FK had booked the installation for me before the delivery and I got a call from the service centre an hour before the delivery. Since it was almost 5 PM they could not schedule the installation that day itself but was scheduled for the next day. But I could not wait for that and did all the installation myself.   Detailed feedback about the TV  Pros. 1. Great Display 2. Value for money 3. Very sleek stand and a very thin bezel.  Cons.  The only problem I find with this TV is the audio quality. There is almost no Bass. But I think this problem exist with many other LED TVs in this range in the market since it is difficult to get a rich sound in these sleek TVs and I found the same in the showrooms as well. That is the reason why they are offering a free 2.1 speaker with the TVs. But when I connect this TV with my existing Sony D8 it simply rocks.   Since this is an "UN-SMART" TV I connected an Apple TV with this to make it SMART. A perfect combination.  Would definitely recommend if someone is looking for a good display product (without some of the frills offered by other brands) and at a good price. 	5 stars	  16 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  I had purchased Philip 40 inch LED last month. As usual, it was delivered in time then communicated by flipkart.  I LED is great and the installation guy came the very next day and installed it.  The picture quality is awesome. The only problem I found is with the audio when listening to the music. It is a bit loud. I feel that you have to connect external audio if you are a music lover 	4 stars	  12 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  I checked with philips..warranty available via flipkart is 1 yr. only. To get 3 yr warranty you have to pay about 4k 	4 stars	  10 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  On this filpkart webiste its showing 1 year warranty period but I have seen so many users putting review of 3 years warranty period. I request some one to clear this dilemma. 	4 stars	  10 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  I am really very please with the product & that too at a reasonable price ! The colors & clarity are truly wonderful ! Thanks for the service too . 	4 stars	  08 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Purchased this a couple of months ago. I am happy with the product, nothing much to complain, except the sound. Since I already have a 5.1 system, it was not important for me. But if anyone one is looking for this TV, will need a better sound system, otherwise you will be disappointed with the sound, so add a minimum decent 2.1 sound system to your budget. There is no 3.5 mm sound Jack, which would have made things easier, but nevertheless, u can get a cable from anywhere. TV looks good with think bezel. Pic quality is very good, but I didnt compare with a Samsung or LG side by side, so I dont really know the difference. Connects with USB without any issues, but u will need a cable as the port is in backside, not easy to reach when mounted on wall. 	4 stars	  07 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  The picture quality is exceptionally well.The HD channels from Airtel DTH are displayed with great clarity.  Weight is very less plus this comes with a 3 years extended warranty( I got 1 +2 years free in an offer) from Flipkart.I got the product delivered almost the next day and within two hrs someone came to install it.  The product blends well with my Philips home theater. Sound quality is good without DTH but when you use a DTH you should keep the volume to the maximum.  I saw couple of Blu-ray quality movies copied in a pen-drive and It was super awesome. It gave me a theater kind of a feel. Stunning colors.  Cons: Audio Quality is Bit Low (when connected to DTH) But Yes Easy to Add-on Home Theater system  Bottom line: Overall a value for money. I brought this product for 27K (Actual price 29.5K - Cash back of 2500 plus 2 years extended warranty)  	5 stars	  07 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have used this TV for 3 months before writing this review. Bought it in a cashback + interest free EMI option. Below is my point of view:  Pros: 1. Excellent picture quality for Video devices like STB, Blue Ray and DVDs. 2. Fair audio quality, If you feel it is low, call customer care and they will increase it for you. 3. Nice look. 4. Plays most of the video formats through USB disk, however I felt audio sync issues when I Forward the movies.  Cons: 1. Back panel not accessible while TV is on Wall mount provided in the box. 2. Poor Remote and interface design. I am really puzzled with this remote and interface of this TV. 3. No headphone out socket. 4. Only 2 HDMI ports, though for the price it is OK. 5. Bad color quality while using PC over HDMI. Had a hard time convincing the Philips engineer, but once he understood, he found the new firmware, adjusted the color settings and the color quality is fine now.  Earlier I had a Sony TV and after using that I don't feel it can compete that, but keep in mind that you get what you pay for. 	4 stars	  06 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  I had bought this TV last month on 17/07/2015, no cash back of Rs2500 processed yet. I am not sure whether this will be credited or not in my bank account. Still no cash back on 09/09/2015 	1 star	  06 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good Picture Quality Horrible Sound, and Flipkart could not not get Installation organized had to get it done on own. Audio is worse than a mobile phone speaker 	1 star	  02 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  This TV is what i always wished a TV to be ... very good TV in a reasonably price. Clarity is nice....though low on sound but that can be cured by adding a speaker system. Other than that no flaw at all..the menu and remote is also very smooth.I seen many other top brand TV';s performance also at my relatives place...so comparing that...it is not over priced...and also has all the features. 	5 stars	  31 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I'm writing my review after using this TV for over 4 Months - It's been so good and I don't see any problem with the TV. I was little concerned about the volume before buying, but it's okay. Sound clarity is good but not great. If you are music lover, I think you should go for an external speakers.  Overall, I'm happy with this product.  As always, Flipkart has been doing the great job by delivering quality products with competitive prices within in the mentioned timelines. 	4 stars	  29 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good TV but need extended sound system. Inbuilt speakers are like old Murphy Radio types...  HD works well, satisfied with overall picutre performance 	4 stars	  27 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  The Product delivered before the Flipkart schedule time. Price is good also the quality is average.  Compare to Sony this is a bit less overall happy. 	4 stars	  27 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  works as expected, though the guy for installation still hasn't showed up!Using it on table top till then 	4 stars	  25 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I made purchase of this LED TV on 6th June with offer of two years extended warranty, which was then denied by Philips...Flipkart support keeps me saying that they are on it and will provide a solution before 30th july...is it?? 2 months has passed from when I made this purchase and still no help from either Flipkart and Philips... why to give such offers then Flipkart if you are unable to provide?? I want Extended warranty for my TV as in the offer, bcz it was just the reason I made this purchase. 	1 star	  22 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  about this product i would recommend for all in this low range and good product. its picture quality vice and about this product sound concern when you plug usb which has 1080p movie play there sound is very low due to this it needs external hardware for proper sound  but for another features becomes good 	4 stars	  30 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Well it's been 4 months since I bought this Philips 40PFl5059. I believe now it's an ideal time to review it.   Pros ------- 1. The thin black bezel gives a very rich look to the TV. It's light weight, sleek and adorable in design. 2. It comes with one USB and 2 HDMI port which are easily accessible from behind. 3. Some small handy features like screen freeze and subtitle control. 4. The 240Hz PMR gives a great Full HD experience. (I can tell being a movie buff) 5. It supports almost all video formats hence no compatibilty issues. 6. Its a decent non smart TV in its budget. 7. It just took me a Chrome Cast to make my TV Smart. :) 8. Never played around much with the Picture setup hence can't comment on that   Cons ------- 1. Much has already been told about it. The sound is a real spoiler for this TV. You cannot imagine to watch this TV unless you have a decent sound   system to plug-in. I just saved myself on this with my 5.1 channel Philips music system. 2. No subtitle controls while playing videos from USB. Simply On-off option which is very basic. 3. The TV lacks few basic features like Music mode(audio only with screen off) which was there even in my old CRT TV   Flipkart delivery was bang on, cheers for that. I ordered it on Thursday and it was on my doorsteps on early Sunday the scheduled day of my delivery. I even got an exchange of 2000/- on my CRT as well. Sweet. :)   Summary ------------- A good non smart TV for a decent final price of 32000/- with exchange offer. 	4 stars	  22 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  This TV gives lovely viewing experience. Picture quality is great. Sound is loud enough for TV (DTH( viewing however its very low when watching movies on a USB stick. Need an amplifier here.   Placements of the ports if bad in case of wall mounting and its almost impossible to insert an USB stick.   Otherwise an amazing product at this price point. 	5 stars	  21 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  For the price, you get a good 40" LED tv that too from a renowned brand. To add icing to the cake, you get a 3 year warranty also. What more do you need? Thanks flipkart for providing us the item with a very competitive price. 	4 stars	  19 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I am using this product for more than a month now. Here is my feedback.  Pros: 1. Prompt delivery by Flipkart. I have scheduled the time 8 AM to 10 AM, the delivery came exactly by 8.05 AM. 2. Installation was also prompt by Philips service center.  3. Picture quality is superb. I don't find any issue with this. especially when you are watching HD channels, the picture clarity is excellent.  Cons: 1. Sound is real bad. When I keep the sound 30 or 40, still I don't hear the voice clearly. It is like sound is coming from a well. I keep increasing the sound, both in Tatasky setup box and TV, but still it is not up to the mark. You really need a 2.1 or 5.1 home theatre system. Otherwise you will not feel enjoying a movie eventhough you are watching in HD. 2. Accessing the USB Port is very difficult if you do wall mount. There is no space between the wall and the tv. You might need to remove the tv from wall mount and insert your USB drive.  Overall, I love this product except the sound features. 	4 stars	  19 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Dont believe flipkart in this case. They dont have proper communication with Philips.People never come for installation even after 12 days of delivery. Every day calling the customer care centre and fighting with them inspite of paying the money as well is not customer's head ache.  That too hearing the same statements daily like "We sincerely apologize, we understand. It will be done in another 24 hours. Please wait for another 4 hours", you will soon become mad. Dont give false statements like installation will be done in next 3 business days after delivery if you are not able to. 	1 star	  17 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I am very much happy with the product I purchased. Also Flipkart done a wonderful job. It has been more than 3 months I am using the TV. The picture quality and the sound quality is excellent. But when you use PENDRIVE to play any song or movie the volume is not audible. In that case I am using speakers, For this reason I am giving 4 star. Overall it is an excellent product to buy. 	4 stars	  16 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  The quality of the product is amazing and comparable to established (read expensive) brands with the only exception of not having fancy features. It seems to have all 'regularly used' features with a good picture quality. Even if the other expensive brands have a better PQ, the marginal difference does not justify an additional price of around Rs. 16,000/-  The catch is with the FK service. I ordered the Product on 1st June 2015 when the same carried an additional warranty for 2 Years (3 Years in all). After confirming about the same from FK executive on call, I went ahead and placed the order. After using the product for about 10 Days, I was informed by a Philips executive (who installed my product) that the extended warranty was not applicable for any purchases made after 31st May. On raising the issue with FK, the company admitted that the offer was displayed incorrectly "due to a technical fault" and agreed to process a return and refund the amount. I gave them an option to compensate an amount of around Rs. 4500/- to me which I would have used to buy the additional 2 Years warranty from Philips, since, I did not consider it a sensible decision to waste a Rs. 30,000+ product when the same did not have any technical issue. The executive did not agree with me citing an obligation as per their 'Terms and Conditions' and initiated a return process.  Probably, because of FKs erroneous product listing, I lost an opportunity to own a good product in a good deal. Since, the same offer was being flashed till a couple of days after 31st May during an Electronic sale, there might be more buyers who might faced a similar issue. 	2 stars	  15 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Everyone covered all PROS and CONS and it is same case for me too... Biggest plus is Picture clarity and Biggest Minus is Sound (But good for small rooms).  Apart from that it is irritating to connect USB and other ports if you wall mounted, which is actually present back side of the TV.   If they give movable stand for Wall mounting, it is Awesome Awesome Awesome TV.   Want to add one more point - Worst Philips Service... Not able to complete the two years warranty in poweroftwo. Raised an complaint and waiting for past 15 days, no one is really interest to close it.. So one star less for that 	3 stars	  15 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have bought this product on 31st May and on that time I was getting 2 year extended warranty as free , but till today I am struggling to get warranty . I have called multiple times to CC but no proper response.  Now I have planned to return this product, because I feel that flipkart has cheated me.   	1 star	  12 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I watched champions league final b/w barca and juventus on it . It was coming on TenHD and signal was coming from outside India therefore quality of the vedio was far better than other HD channels . For most of the time , I found myself gazing at the TV rather than on the match and that too in a champions league final , so you can imagine the picture quality .you just need to feed it the a better signal , rest it will handle .  Can't be compared to soy/samsung as they make non-hd chanels too look good with their brushing and finishing technologies , as are their costs . 	4 stars	  10 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Received this product last week and I have to say that I am really impressed with this tele. Picture Quality is Top Notch with HD channels, SD channels are decent. Have been using a Panasonic 720p Plasma 42", I belive that SD channels look little better in that (IMHO).  A lot has been mentioned about sound quality of this TV, but i found the sound quality to be adequate if not amazing!  Be it the Audio or Video, the options are limited, but again all around quality you get with this product off the box settings are more than enough, so we dont have to play around with the settings. havent got a chance to test the USB and other ports, will provide an Update on this later.  Verdict: Excellent value for money Product.  Thank You Philips! 	4 stars	  08 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  The site says that installation would be done in 3 business days. 8 days after buying this product, I am yet to even receive a call regarding installation , let alone get it installed. I have called up Flipkart support 5 times in 5 days with little effect beyond the usual platitudes of "we will get it done tomorrow for sure". A deeply frustrating experience. 	1 star	  05 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Philips for me was a more trusted brand than VU or Micromax, they might have good products but did not pass my check.  40PFL5059 was my choice after lot of research on panel quality etc. This is imported in India from Philips manufacturing plant as per my research.  My Purpose was to Connect this to my XBOX and Chromecast and use it as entertainment system in Lobby for watching movies, playing games and not for regular TV usage.  Due to the purpose, full HD was needed along with higher Refresh rate for fast moving games. Only Philips has 240 Hz PMR (which is supposed to be actually 100/120 Hz) for India Standards.   Received perfect Delivery from FlipKart in 2 Days, and they delivered in selected time slot, which is just great. 10 out of 10 to FlipKart for Service, Support and Delivery.   Pros: 1) Amazing Picture Clarity for Blue ray and Full HD Movie Prints (240 Hz PMR matters). Score 8.5 out of 10 2) Great Gaming experience. Score 8.5 out of 10 3) Amazing Looks, better than Samsung for sure and looks great with Matt finish Metal Table Mount 4) Great Looking Remote (It matters to me) 5) Narrow bezel and thin form factor in spite of being a D-LED (I prefer D-LED more than Edge LED, as Edge LED will need lot of good technology to give correct color reproduction on full screen) 6) Great Sound with HDMI connected devices  Like Google Chrome Cast and XBOX. Score 8 out of 10 (As in built media playing software does not have good sound reproduction) a. Service Engineer will need to adjust Sounds Curve Setting for better sound, in case you have trouble please call Philips and tell Engineer to Set Sound Curve correctly. 7) Philips Brand and Great Price. Score 9 out of 10 a. Unlike LG and Samsung which charge for Installation if bought online, Philips considers FlipKart as a good buy and installs in time and gives full warranty.  Cons: 1) No Head Phone Out, difficult to connect regular Speaker or Wireless head phones 2) HDMI Ports very close to each other cannot connect Chrome Cast and other another HDMI cable together, one extra inch would have helped 3) Build Quality is 7 out of 10 4) Philips Support. 7 out of 10 (Difficult to coordinate with them, specially was extended 3 year warranty) 5) No way to turn on or off the Higher PMR (Frame rate). Looks like LED automatically decides based on frames coming in.  Recommendation to FlipKart is to please show pictures of any such electronic product from all angles so that one can see the ports placement and other important angles of TV.  I would Highly Recommend this TV for Regular TV usage and Great Picture quality. (Ensure that you get Sounds curve Corrected for Service/Demo Engineer). FlipKart as always performed great on delivery and Support.  If you have an HDMI player (Chrome cast/WD player/ASUS Play) to play movies and music, nothing beats this LED for Price it is offered at.  Thumbs up to Flipkart and to Philips  	4 stars	  05 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  hi this is ajath i purchased this led full hd tv looking so nice and display super  totally its good 	4 stars	  03 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hello, This product from Philips is awesome. I like the picture quality very much with a HD connection. Sound is little bit low but in a room or hall it is sufficient. But when playing movies from USB, sound is very low. If you connect an external speaker then it will become a nice home theater with very low price but good quality. I like the bezels of the TV. It is looking nice and very slim. Delivery from Flipkart is also very good.  At last I would like to tell that if you compare the price with other branded TVs in the market then this is the best one to choose. 	5 stars	  02 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have brought this product very recently from Flipkart. This is really amazing product. I have played movies from USB as well and the display is amazingly superb. I had only one concern that was about sound, but I have overcome this by connecting LG2.1 Sound bar. After this the movie experience has been amazing. I have visited many showrooms to see the picture clarity before placing the order in FK, I was stunned by the quality as it was on par with the quality of samsung/sony. I would definetly recommend this TV. 	5 stars	  27 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  awesome tv quality flipkart service is best to thers . i have purchased 34999 on flipkart last 30 march 2015 	5 stars	  27 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Excellent picture quality but the sound is not up to the mark.. If you add additional speaker you will get great sound experience... 	5 stars	  26 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  its a really nice tv in such price. only drawback is menu has very less options for customizing picture and sound. but the color reproduction is great. using it for more than a month now. hope it helps you. i will recommend this product:) 	4 stars	  25 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  very much interested in buying this product..please let me know if this product is available in 400076 (powai,Mumbai) pincode area.. 	4 stars	  23 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Pros : 1. Amazing picture quality HD is just amazing 2. Very thin 3. Looks really premium 4. Plays all formats  Cons : 1. Very very very flat sound, comparable to the sound of cellphone literally (To watch movies from USB you will have to attach atleast a 4.1 speaker system) 2. The OS is some 10-15 years old, not mutch options as well  Such amazing picture quality, but a shame that the sound is just pathetic. 	2 stars	  23 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  As usual ! Bang on time Flipkart with a great product by philips ! This is the best tv for the price point !  Just got my hands on the product.. review on the way ! 	5 stars	  21 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  I had bought this TV in a haste, however I am not dissapointed.  here's my review  Pro's: >Picture quality is great, the sharpness really gets you when watching high end videos (720p/1080p) and also with HDTV >beats the competition with price. >its Philips, so I presume quality >easy install and manuevrability >They have provided 2 HDMI ports which is certainly useful ! > Stand provides a classy look if you dont mount it/  Con's: >Sound quality is good, however the volume is pretty low for a TV of this size, better buy a 2.1 speaker system atleast and connect it via the AUX ports >For some reason my TV keeps turning ON as soon as its turned off (Ghosts?) and I need to turn it off the 2nd time ! (am I doing something fundamentally wrong here?) >Viewing angle is not that great, however thats expected from a LED TV.  All in all I would recommend this TV to a friend considering the price 	5 stars	  21 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  received in a single day, Amazing delivery service. Installation done on the same day.  Picture quality is very good, Even the cable tv looks amazing. Got it for 29.5K after discounts and exchange.  Yet to find out if it has something special feature. But overall vry good product. 	5 stars	  18 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Pros: The LED quality, overall fit and finish is really good.  You don't get anything like this (40.2inch Full HD LED) in price point like this Fully supported by Phillips India- Its not an imported product.  Cons: Poor delivery timeline by Flipkart. Made me wait almost a week for delivery. If you need it urgently, don't buy it here. Audio quality isn't really good as compared to a Samsung or a Sony. But for normal home use, its average. The remote layout isn't very user-friendly. However, if you look at the overall package, you don't really mind these. 	4 stars	  17 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  sound is okay,  picture clarity is good,  nice and slim led tv at this price, and brought this for 29k without exchange of any old tv...  delivery bit delayed. but everything is good... 	5 stars	  17 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart Delivery:- Superb Fast, on time slot delivery like most of the time. Delivery Person was very polite and courteous (the best delivery guy i ever met so far from any e-Comm seller).  Product:- LED is Good looking with Sharp picture quality.  Voice is OK OK, not that bad as said in many review comments. {could be better but still ok }  USB reading is fast and able to play all specified format of picture and video {Specified only :-)}  Wall Bracket:- This is not very good actually for This kind of Super Product. bracket is very simple and can be use for hanging only, no rotation/movement possible. Could have been lot better.   But Over All Very good FHD tv such a half budget from competitor.  4.5 Star is must.  [This review is based on initial 2 days, will post more detailed one after few days.] 	5 stars	  16 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV before 6 months. Received within two days. Same day, the installation staff came and installed immediately.  Very sleek border and width. Easy wall mounting.  I have connected this TV with my PC via HDMI cable. Wonderful picture clarity. I am able to watch FULL HD videos without any lags.  When playing movies via USB, it plays most video formats including mkv. But if the mkv file size is more than 4 GB, audio not coming. I dont know the reason.   Regarding sound, it is ok. We should not expect more than this sound quality in any LED TV. Attach a Home Theatre to get better sound output.  Overall I like this product very much and satisfied. 	5 stars	  14 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  When I made this purchase Flipkart offered 3 years product warranty on this TV. Now I've gotten this product delivered and installed and now Flipkart can't find any traces of evidence that they promised this warranty.  Would highly suggest to take a screenshot of what is offered on this website as later there is no way that Flipkart is going to honor their service commitments. 	1 star	  13 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Superb Picture Quality. Sound is Okay. Dont go for LG/Samsung, you will be ending up paying huge amount for the brand. Philips - Value for Money 	5 stars	  12 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Didn't get even single call from delivery man. I was in Bangalore only with 24/7 mobile switch on. After 3-4 followups Flipkart is saying your order has been cancelled as I am out of city. I think even they didn't try to deliver to product.   I have ordered this product using EMI offer which is EMI charges cash back. I think this is game by Flipkart and Delivery company(May be this is also by Flipkart) 	1 star	  05 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Writing the review after 3 months of usage : 1) Brilliant picture quality 2) You can connect any 2.1 Speakers to it ( very simple ) 3) Menu is straight forward 4) Remote is pretty good. 5) Convert to smart TV just by buying the Android TV dongle.  Got this at 22.5k on the big bang day sale, so cant really complain for the price.   Really happy with the TV's performance.  	5 stars	  04 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Ordered this on 28th April got delivered it on 29th. Flipkart Arranged installation request with philips & got installation done on 30th. All butter smooth & in a professional way.  I ll highlight what i was searching everywhere before buying this  It Works with USB 2.0 (i am using 32 GB pend drive) for movies music etc. Wasn't able to read HDD 500GB. You have to purchase HDMI(Male female) & USB (Male Female) cable before getting it installed on Wall.I wasn't able to see difference from my old Samsung LCD with this in terms of 240hz motion flow.Neither you ll find any option to check it if its on or off.While planing movies via usb there is no option to change the ratio 4:3 16:9 letter box etc..  Biggest issue of this LED is volume..Its on lower side..(if your room is big)  All in all if you are looking for value for money LED buy it !! 	5 stars	  01 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  nice product n delivery.............................................................................................. 	3 stars	  30 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I AM USING THIS PRODUCT SINCE 23 DEC 2014 AND GETTING GOOD PERFORMANCE. PHILLIPS PRODUCTS ARE WORLD's BEST. I WOULD APPRECIATE IF ONCE MORE PHILLIPS ENGINEER GIVES DEMO AT HOME AND OBLIGE/ 	5 stars	  30 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Very good picture quality, awesome product. Very satisfactory service by flipkart. Thin bazzels all around the tv gives a very pretty view. 2HDMI and 1VGA port is really needed for my personal purpose. If you are watching a movie through a pen drive, sound is very low in this TV. Suggest to buy any 2.1 speaker and connect it to get a wonderful TV viewing experience.  I am totally satisfied buying it. 	5 stars	  30 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good Price, but Audio is too worse, those who are looking for good audio should avoid this product The Audio is exhbiiting as if someone is talking from deep well. Other than this , the picture quality is very decent and on par The Flipkart service is really good and no compliants on it 	4 stars	  28 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Have listed down both pros and cons which would help buyers to buy the same.  Delivered in 2 days time . Installation happended next day. Fast delivery and service. Purchased in the month of April 2015  PROS 1. cheap compare to Sony, LG, Samsung  2. 3 years warranty. You get initially 1 year warranty, later you need to register with philips by providing  serial number of TV. 3 years warranty you will get via email. You need to take print out of this soft copy. 3. Only 70W power consumption. Others they consume 85W to 100W  4. HD channels are superb and clarity is good with TATA SKY HD.  CONS 1. NO rotating wall mount.Tv is justed fixed into the wall. To put pen drive you need to remove TV every time 2. If you buy extension USB cord it will not detect external Hard disk like 1TB My Passport as TV does  not generate enough power.  3. only USB pen drive works with extension cord. 4. Only 1 USB port given.  5. Sound is loud enough but it doesn't have sub woofer etc hence quality of sound is very bad.  You must put external speakers for quality sound 6. After warranty expires service cost is costliest among all the brands. 7. NON-HD channels are not great. Not sure if the same case in other TV's 8. No applications installed or WIFI etc. It is just basic LED TV  9. Need to spend Rs 1700 extra for stabilizer 10. For rotating stand you need to send Rs 2100 extra 11. Does not play any Blue Ray RIP via USB. Most of the HD videos are in Blue RAY RIP. You need to buy separate blue ray player. 12. If you get HD movies which are generally of 5 GB , you cannot copy to pen drive as pen drive supports maximum 4GB file.  you can copy to external hard disk but is not recogized by extension USB cable. In other words there is no way   you can play HD videos via USB.  Overall Good product if you can't afford Sony,LG,Samsung.  Instead of going to other local brands buy Philips by just paying few thousands extra and get warranty for 3 years and your investment is safe for 3 years.  	3 stars	  28 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  big TV at reasonable price ,specs are good, but u need to have a HD connection orelse it would spoil your TV viewing experience.  One more drawback is that if you wall mount your TV the gap between the wall and the TV is very less hand gets stuck and thus restricting us from inserting Pendrive and HDMI cables. 	4 stars	  25 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Screen quality is very nice , even sound is great. Works super smooth & experience rich with HD input.  Pen drive response time is less, and the remote has very few options.  Direct led GIVES great colour reproduction. Better than micromax , videocon anytime. 	4 stars	  24 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  led tv is very good clarity and best performance but audio is very poor,i raised a complaint on this Philips technician checked and he also saying cant expect that much audio as you expect. 	5 stars	  19 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  product is good at price paid. but my tv is dead in 4 months.  on top pathetic philips customer serivce haven't able to resolve it in 2 weeks, once product picked there is no update/response from their side. and whenever i call i am redirected to some different person that he handles that area.  serious waste of money..think twice before you buy go for better brand 	1 star	  16 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Since last five months I am using this product. This is good product. Till now there is no problem. I am satisfied with this product. 	5 stars	  15 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  1. Best veiwing angles 2. Good contrast ratio. 3. Original colors, no extra coloring like bravia, samsung etc. 4. 24K with exchange of old LED ..value for money. 	5 stars	  13 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is simply the best LED TV in this price range...Stunning picture quality...Sound is Ok. If you looking for an LED TV around 32K...then this is the one to go for..3 years warranty is an added advantage..... 	5 stars	  12 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Pros-Display is just amazing.  cons-Sound is too low, you will need to add 2.1 speaker for good sound. 	4 stars	  08 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have received the faulty LED TV, as soon as I received this TV we found some black patch on top right corner.  I asked for LED tv to be returned, but Flipkart is delaying to pickup the product.  Its been more than 15 days after return request, my product is yet to be picked.  	1 star	  07 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Have been using for past 3 months. After a lot of deliberations, decided to buy this against Samsung 5100. No regrets; except u need a Home theatre for a better sound system. Can connect Laptop only via VGA cable and not HDMI. Excellet picture quality with HD Digi box. Not bad at all for SD channels. 3 years warranty is the ultimate deal sealer for me. 	5 stars	  06 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have been using this TV bought from Flipkart for almost 5 months now. Here is my ten cents or paisa  Video 1. Full HD is decent but dont know in comparision with other brands 2. The colour reproduction is good and its close to natural which is why I preferred it. But viewing angles are not great. So if you are more likely to watch in a straight angle this is ok 3. Colour adjustments are medium, you cant play much.  Audio 1. Sound quality is nothing great and is like a CTV speakers. Suggest to go for a HTS 2 The different media settings is of not much use  Menu controls The remote is good and ergonomic. But the on screen menu is very basic and looks so outdated Does not support connecting your smartphone to watch movies  Design The front design is sleek and slim but accessing the back parts is a big issue.. and they dont provide with a proper wall mount.. its just 4 rivets on the wall to fix the TV 	3 stars	  01 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought my 40 inch LED TV in November 2014 and from 2015 March end I started facing issues with television. TV is getting switched off automatically after random duration of hours. Lodged a complain in Philips and after committing the technician visit within 24 hrs, technician came after 120 hrs. They fixed saying we have installed some new software and now we will not face this issue even again and soon after 3 hrs of leaving, i started facing the same issue again.  This is certainly not expected from Philips as superb brand. We got TV by thinking Philips is a good brand and we will not face much problems. 	2 stars	  01 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  ordered and got this device in 1 day..wow!!.. philips engineer came next day within 24 hours !!  an excellent product and brand who does less marketing and saves our cost ,,so cheaper compared to LG..SONY ..Samsung..who give only1 year warranty..showroooms are not selling this as they dont get more margins and get more margjns in other brands..  good picture quality..sound quite adequate enough...overall at 29000/- A FHD from premium brand with 3 yrs warranty ...just go for it...  i opted fro normal tv instead of smart as we can connect our phones/lappies through HDMI cables and make this run..save that 15-20k and buy home theatre..worth thinking !! 	4 stars	  27 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  received in a single day, Amazing delivery service. Installation done on the same day.  Picture quality is very good, Even the cable tv looks amazing. Got it for 29.5K after discounts and exchange.  Yet to find out if it has something special feature. But overall vry good product. 	1 star	  24 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  1080p resolution at low cost. No where we get. Picture quality very good in 1080p format. (even in low resolutions). FHD DTH channels are awesome. Very sharp crystal clear picture quality. I bought it 3 days back and started recommending this product to my friends circle. USB reada very quick. VGA connected to pc gives good picture quality even in low resolution. Supports all common formats of video. Sound quality lags very much that one cant expect in philips brand. But this sound issue solved by connecting DTH audio out to 2.1 home theatre. I surely recommend this 40PFL5059 to all Indians. Kind request ... dont go behind the so called top branded TVs and paying a huge money just for its branded name...  I was amazed by the Flipkart followup and delivery. Packing was excellent. Just in 2 days I received the product. Also the cashback offer in EMI is a good move by Flipkart. Hats off to Flipkart. Yeh Flipkart, we are here to support you, go ahead in your service. 	5 stars	  24 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  For the price you pay, you get an awesome picture quality and sound quality (I connect external F&D speakers). Thumbs up for that!!.Here are a few negatives i noticed. 1. Sometimes, when I connect my laptop through hdmi to the tv, the picture quality is not good. The laptop simply restarts at times. Dont know if that is an issue with the laptop or the TV 2. Phot viewing: There is a limit on the number of photos you can view one after the other - I guess some 30-40 only. The tv does not even detect more photos on your usb pen drive. This is wierd, but true. 3. Th user interface they built, is a kiddish job at best. Can be much better, when you pay some 30 odd thousand. 	3 stars	  23 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV three months back from Flipkart, as usual the delivery was on time and installed in a single day. Initial stages i have used the TV with the normal SD dish connection, the performance looks good. But when i have updated the dish connection to HD, i can able to see the full quality of the product when seeing the Discovery HD, National Geographic HD etc, this is an amazing TV which comes in a lower cost, but the only minor con is that the volume of the TV is bit low when we connect to a USB's, even that scenario is occurs only for some movies not for all. But in the end its a best TV to go for it and try with the philips sound bar.. 	5 stars	  18 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  This product is Excellent.I am happy to user this product. i got 3 years of warrenty. picture clarity is very very nice. 	4 stars	  18 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is the most awesome Tv as compare to others, also its too economic in price. 3 Yrs warranty is added advantage but it comes with 1 year warranty and you have to registered your product on Poweroftwo.in website for another 2 yrs warranty. Flipkart customer service will help you in any step.   Some of the reviewers mentioned here that it has low sound, but i want to say sound is good and i asked philips technician and he said don't merge your remote controls with your D2H device otherwise you will get low sound from TV.   Picture Quality is too good. On the first day itself, i tested it by attaching with My MacbookPro Laptop and PC. I played 3D movie and HD movie also from My PC. and its working fine with Quality picture. HD channels are too Good to view on this. 3D movies looks and feels realistic. If some of you don't know how to Play 3D movies. then just get a 3D movie and play it on laptop using KM player. just Click on 3D button on Player and it will show 3D picture. but for that you have to wear 3D glasses.   If you want to do more with your TV, you can buy Google Chromecast. Its a Pendrive like device by which you can control your Tv with your Smart Phone. you can play Youtube or can browse anything online. But it needed your wifi connection for that. Enjoy !!!  One month passed and its working fine by now. Let's see.   	5 stars	  18 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Received the TV within 2 day of ordering, and just another day more to get it installed. Awesome service as promised by flipkart. Happy about it.   Coming back to the TV,  1. The design and aesthetics is simply awesome. Probably this being a very latest model (Released in September/October 2014), the looks and design impresses way beyond any other tv in this range.  2. Picture quality is simply superb, While the HD channels have got a different dimension of clarity, the SD channels have got a finer touch as well (Pardon, if I am being too biased, but this being a personal opinion as compared to my previous LCD tv and other tvs I have tried out). Haven't quite tried out Samsung/Sony Latest products, so won't comment on the comparable quality of this. 3. A lot of reviews have spoken a bit negative on the sound, but I feel okay with it. Yes, it hasn't quite got superb bass/treble, but c'mmon if that is the audio quality we expect, we can always go for a home theatre, lets not be harsh on the TV for this. 4. 3 Years Warranty is an added advantage for this TV 5. The TV has got quite good response time and hardly lags in detection and mode switches  Well, what else do we require from a TV? 40 inches LED TV from the Brand of Philips, with a 3 Years warranty , I am quite happy about it and would definitely recommend 	5 stars	  13 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Great product!!! Using it for more than a month now. Have no complaints... Only drawback is that all the ports (USB, HDMI, etc. is located at a very inconvenient location (for that I am using extension chords). Before buying I had some doubt about sound quality based on few customer reviews. I want to assure you that it is not a concern at all. 	5 stars	  10 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Bought this TV at the start of World Cup and i activated tat sky HD Channels, which brought new perspective of watching televsion. Normal SD channesl are also good. But HD channels rocks in this TV. Happy to have this TV. 5 stars....:) 	5 stars	  07 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Excellent Display...Ultrathin edges..though lacking on sound. it's the best buy.  Best Service from Flipkart (They Keep on inquiring for the Installation of the Unit & Exchange Policy) 	5 stars	  06 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Recived this tv on time by flipkart...Great service ...hatts of to flipkart for their  service..even ppl who come for installation are very gental..giving complate infor about television...also demo appointment taken by flipkart only...after two days received call from flipkart customer care about feedback regarding product thts cool...local dealer never give such facility....thts flipkart is offering...  Coming back to the TV -: 1. The design and aesthetics is simply awesome.very slim 40 inch tv 2. i got this LED with exchange of Rs.5000/- which local dealer will nvr give..  when i inquire about same product at local shop its around 35K with exchange..4 3.Picture quality is simply superb with HD quality movie file...but its okie with local cable analog signal...from long distance picture quality luks great..but you see from closure then quality is little dull.... 4. Sound quality is not great..no bass...not much audio setting functions..but its okie for watching normal daily serials...whn i chk other LED system thy also have same sound watt...you can connect your home theater system to increase volume...i am still not able to connect my home theater system with led..hd complaint Philips for the same...ll write review if ther is any issue.. 5.Philips demo person do not have good knw about product...pls ensure tht your wall color will not get damage while attaching led bracket..as my wall paint got damage ..:( 6. This is the best LED at this price with all required function...and along with thsi you get 3 yrs warranty without extra cost...which hardly any LED company provide.. 5. only one USB port and two RCA point... 6. NO headphone Jack... :(   Again thnx for flip kart for Giving great service and good product and cheper price.. 	5 stars	  06 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  I Got this television very next day after my order around at 3.30pm as i selected 2-6pm time slot and installed by 5pm by Philips engineer enjoying from 5.15pm thanks for providing such a fast service from both flip kart and Philips   Working nice value for money can buy any one as they provide minimum three years warranty. I Got two years extended warranty also .Now my tv has 5 years warranty is any body can give this? 	4 stars	  04 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  purchased tv on February 20.Order ID: OD102125117172917300. Delivery and installation was fast. Thanks to flipkart. TV is very sleek and display is very good. Played few HD videos through pen drive. Clarity is better than many TV's at this range. Only negative point is the sound. Have purchased Philips MMS4040F 2.1 Multimedia Speakers. Suits well with this TV.    Worst part is that there is no remote provided with the TV unit. TV is already installed. Currently I am managing with the buttons on the TV to select modes and airtel DTH. Contacted flipkart customer care, they asked me to purchase remote from outside. They promised that this amount will be refunded. checked with 4 Philips stores near my home. Unfortunately none has remote for this TV. Spoke with Philips customer care on 22nd February. They informed that they will send an engineer with this remote in 24 hours.    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   Update on 5 march 2015    Philips cutomer care finally sent an engineer with remote. They charged rs 1050/- for new remote. Flipkart has already refunded 600/- to my wallet account. Waiting for remaining amount from them.  Even though faced few issues earlier, but finally everything is fine. Looking forward to make more purchases from flipkart because of their excellent service :) 	5 stars	  02 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  I got my tv in excellent condition,Thanks to flipkart for their fast and safe service. Flipkart Team Coordinated very well from purchase to delivery and installation of the product. But not happy with the installation service provided by philips .Installation was done after ten days. I recommend to purchase from "WS Retail" seller. Delivery of product in 3 days/ Brand new Product/Good Packaging/100% Satisfaction about the product sold by WS Retail.  About LED TV,I am writing this review after 45 days of purchase. Picture quality is very good.Sound is also good for a small room (20*12). for Good HD Experience,Must buy product (Cheap and Best).  	5 stars	  01 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Dear All, I bought this TV from Flipkart. But the Picture Quality is very bad. I made the complaint at the time of installation only but Flipkart insisting me to wait for Philips engineer visit which is already done & the engineer also claimed it has picture quality issue but I am still waiting for my money. FLIPKART this is really sad you are not doing enough. This is almost 10 days now I am still waiting for action. 	1 star	  27 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I booked the TV on 17th Feb and the TV was delivered on 19th Feb. The overall experience of buying from FK was awesome. The Philips service person came within 2 days and installed it. I have connected it to Videocon D2H SD. the Picture quality if amazing. The looks of the TV is also great. Guests at my house were amazed at the how thin the TV is. Unlike of some reviews mentioned here, the Sound quality is good. I ahve added external speakers for better bass sound. But overall, i am very satisfied with the TV. Only 1 issue i have with Philips, for getting 3 years warranty, i had registered on the site www.poweroftwo.com but even after 5 days, i have not received confirmation mail that 3 years warranty applied. I am anyways chasing Philips on this. 	4 stars	  26 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  VERY VERY GOOD LED TV. SERVICE OF FILPKART & PHILIPS ARE TOO GOOD. I AM SATISFY WITH BOTH SERVICE & PRODUCT. 	5 stars	  26 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV is best in this price range. The picture clarity is awesome. Colour display is rich although I had a minute observation that people faces were having a slight yellowish tinge especially under shadows or indoors. Outdoor colours were absolutely fine. I visited the electronics store and saw that this yellowish tinge was evident in all TV brands.  The volume is loud enough for a 14 by 11 room. There is no bass. It has all basic features for a smart TV which is mentioned in specifications. No WiFi. 	5 stars	  26 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Flip kart delivery is awesome fast. Good installation and demo. Pros- Good picture quality with SD set-top box. Cheap Cons:- 1) No 3.5mm Jack for headphone. 2) Only 1 USB 3) Remote control is very basic 4) Sound is ok 	4 stars	  24 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hello,  I have bought the 50 inch variant of 5059 series from a dealer . Picture quality and everything is fantastic.  A user here has reported that there is some connectivity issue with PC over HDMI. But I can now confirm that my setup is working properly and sound is also coming through HDMI only . I have 5850 ATI GPU and everything is working fine.   Please re-check your connections once more.  Thanks 	5 stars	  22 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good Value for Money, Very good picture & sound quality, Slim design, Backed with3 years warranty which is the best in comparison. 	4 stars	  20 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Been using this product for 1 month. It offers excellent picture quality. I used it with SD DTH connection and still it was a good experience from 7-8 feet away while watching cricket . Upgraded to HD and now it is awesome.  Sound is flat. It is very feeble from USB source. But a good 2.1 should address this. The only other cone I found was the position of ports. It is almost impossible to reach after wall mounting the tv. 	5 stars	  20 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Pros: (1) Too good for the price point,  (2) Excellent picture quality. (3) Motion rate is at its best  Cons: (1) Sound quality when source is AIRTEL HD is not that great, but the same sound quality when playing movies , songs from the USB is at its best (comparable to the Sony Bravia which i had earlier)  (2) AIRTEL HD TV guys did a REMOTE pairing. over last few weeks i am noticing the issue of when i switch off, TV starts automatically switched on. This is not happening always. This happens very few times in a week. Not sure whether beacuse of TV remote or beacuse of pairing or anything else. 	4 stars	  20 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Very happy and satisfied with this product. Flipkart delivery was awesome and installation from Philips team also happened same day. The TV is good. Sound & Video is nice. 	5 stars	  13 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Bought this TV on 10Feb 9pm and was received by 12Feb 11am. So hats off to Flipkart for such a quick delivery. This is even better than purchasing in the store where one has to chase up the dealer for delivery. The product was delivered on time and the delivery guys unpacked the product for me to inspect. They showed the various things that come in the box. Inquired whether I would require installation assistance or not.  Coming to the product, it's an excellent VFM product in this price range. I've been using a Sony 32 TV before and in contrast I find this product so much better.  Pros: 1. 40" LED TV at a very decent price. Brand = Philips. I bought this on HDFC EMI so I got 2500/- less. Didn't have an old TV to exchange, else it could have been even cheaper 2. Connectivity options are very good - 1 USB, 2 HDMI (one for DTH and one for DVD player), AV in, YBR in, and direct connection with anteena. Outputs are AV out. 3. Sound is good. As many people have complained, it's not so. The sound is loud enough for normal TV watching experience. Don't expect huge bass as this is a slim LED TV. Can always connect 2.1 or higher configuration speakers. 4. Picture quality is very good. Please note that you need to test with a good source of input like HD DTH or DVD or Blueray. Normal DTH or cable won't show crisp picture 5. Configuration options are good. Usual options available in most TV  Cons: 1. Menu is slightly slow. Sometimes navigation doesn't work fast. But it is not a big deal as we don't need to use TV remote often  That's all for now. Will update this review as I continue to use the TV. Overall, a great experience. I would highly recommend this product. It is future proof and comes at a very good price range. Just go for it.  Edit: The engineer from Philips visited my place and checked installation (I had done it myself before he came). He asked for any problems I may be facing - I mentioned about the remote control. He said that it will ease up in few days after using. Now, after some days, the remote control did ease up and is functioning much better than before. 	5 stars	  13 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  no dealers for this product over chennai..simply keeping as available.. fooling customers.  tried to order..fed up with service provided by flipkart.evn i called them and enquired..no use. 	1 star	  12 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV look and video clarity is good ,But Sound not loud enough to see action , sports videos............................... 	3 stars	  11 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  i've bought this tv from philips retailers in 35k...video quality is very good, viewing angles are also brilliant...best part of this tv is it supports all of the video formats in 1080p smoothly...i've tried 4K video via USB but it can't be played...sound quality while playing from USB is very bad...but u can attach external speakers with tv...buy this tv if you are looking for budget 40" LED TV...philips gives 3 year warreny on this product...don't buy sony because of their pannel issues buy this insted of sony bravia...thank you.... 	5 stars	  10 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Value for Money. Experience was more than expected. Connecting my existing Philips Stereo with this was an additional add-on that was never thought off and has provided a great home-theater experience.   - Movies from CD/DVD worked correctly - Movies from USB/Hard Disk worked efficiently as against other negative reviews i had   seen from other buyers on this product - Great home-theater experience with additional speakers attached from my Philips   Audio System  Delivery & Installation was facilitated by Flipkart & Philips on the same day that doubled my enjoyment of the purchase. 	5 stars	  09 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart is gone too big to care for customer complaints. Even old customers. Very bad experience with their policies which they don't tell you upfront. 	1 star	  09 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart service is goood but product Not satisfactoryvas sony and panasonic led tv..but p... viewing angle not good with bqcklit on high mode 	2 stars	  07 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Bought this television a month ago and i just want to share that it is a best thing you can get at this price. Picture quality is as good as LG or Sony with less 10k price.Design is superb and service is great as long as Philips is involved. Sound is little flat but any set top box makes it fine.  Buy it without hesitation !! 	5 stars	  07 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Top notch delivery by Flipkart in one day as promised. The Philips technician was at my doorstep one hour post delivery. That is exceptional.   Only disadvantage is of a lack of 3.5mm audio out. Need to get the converter. 	5 stars	  06 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I placed an order for this huge LED FHD on 13 jan 15 for Rs.29990/- and they delivered it on 17 jan 15 before expected delivery time. before purchasing 40" LED i surveyed almost every where in shop i was planning to buy samsung, sony or LG but i visited one shop where i saw philips PFL5059 40" just beside sony and i shocked to see that philips was looking outstanding in clarity even far better than samsung LG and if u hide the logo of the LED you cant recognize which one is sony, samsung. but one thing is there speaker volume is low as compare to other but you can fix this by using 5.1 speakers. And after that i decided to buy this Beast without any doubt. Order placed and the flipkart had shown the fabulous response unbelievable, the packing of LED was just mind blowing, I took almost 15 min to unbox my LED. Function of LED is pretty decent and basic and its ok coz most of us using DTH now a days. It detects 1 TB HDD in no time and it plays almost every format. The design is very attractive and it look good in both table top and wall mount. I am very much happy to buy this beautiful LED. strongly recommend plz dont waste your money in buying costly LED. 	5 stars	  05 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Picture quality is amazing, I have been using for 2 months now with Videocon d2h HD. Excellent clarity, My daughter watches rhymes copied on USB, too good for that also, Sound quality is also very good, I have been using philips 5.1 Speakers with TV before, I have packed it for now. Need to check adding it later. 	5 stars	  05 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  during playing videos from USB how to play the video full screen ...........there is no info about this in manual......can any one help me ..........Thanks in advance 	5 stars	  04 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  This Tv is best value for money.  Viewing angles are great. Sound quality is ok for audio out connectivity seperate cable to AV out- Audio in female cable is required.  Dont go for expensive brand as so called SMART features are good only for boasting pone hardly uses it.  	5 stars	  03 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I really loved this product, great bargain at 27k (after exchange). As few reviews suggested, the only annoying thing about it is, occasionally stripes appear on TV, especially when the picture blue, may be it is because of the IPS display. But, a non-issue for other colors, so happy about it. 	4 stars	  02 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  the product delivered on the 27th Jan 15 as per promise. Installation done by philips person on 29th Jan 15. product was very good and getting such a amazing product at such amazing price only flipkart made it possible. Hats off. Got it for 27k only. 	5 stars	  02 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is value for money with all features working pretty well. Only real drawback I would say is that the ports (HDMI, VGA, USB etc) are tough to access when wall mounted. So having extenders for the USB, and HDMI would be a good idea. 	4 stars	  01 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  40inch TV with basic features. I am happy with the picture performance, Sound is bad, i brought a home theater to offset sound, which anyway i was planning to buy. Pic Clarity is good. USB Functionality is tricky, There is some limit on number of files it will display. So i have a 2 TB HDD with lot of movies, it couldnt show all the movies. Tested with 16GB pendrive too, so it will limit the file display to certain number. Ports are easily accessible. Best part if TV is light weight. Remote is buggy, hard time using remote. It has resume functionality while USB Playback, which is nice. No 3.5mm Jack. Interface is cool and easy to use.  Overall, Value for Money and great picture clarity at decent price.  	4 stars	  28 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  not the best, but better that other market giants, really great picture quality,   but there is only 12 months instead of 36 months warranty certificate provided in the box.  #flipkart solve this issue.  no 3.5mm jack, 	4 stars	  24 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  i purchased a tv philips pfl5059 3 year warrenty costing 33750 for just 25020.how?  exchanged old crt tv for 2000 got a discount of 4000 under special limited offer by flipkart & last but not the least for balance 27800(33750-2000-4000+50=27800) i purchased e gift voucher for 20000 & 7800 by making payment through hdfc card and paid 18000 & 7020 only.(10% discount)  so at last paid 18000+7020=25020 only.  i done a hard work to make this tv cost a low.  hope you understand the e gift voucher trick that can help all my friends to purchase product costing more than 20000 and can get discount of more than 2000 through hdfc card.  offer valid till 23 jan. 	5 stars	  22 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Price : Cheap  Product Quality: Very gud.  Performance: Satisfactory   Full HD: Gud for the money. If you expect sony it will not be.  Connectivity: HDMI, USB all are gud...yet to check with External hard disk and system.  Sound quality: i found few reviews ... sound is not enough.. its more than sufficient..   aesthetic: awesome.  Cons: 1) USB port and HDMI port were not easy to access when it is wall mounted.   overall its 3 days usage ..will let you know... more if any.   	4 stars	  21 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  It is delivered on time and using for 15 days,  Picture quality is good. Flipkart delivered it on time. Installation was scheduled and done nicely. 	4 stars	  20 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Perfect For All.  I am not satisfied with one small thing which is not indicate light Tv is ON or OFF.   Other all nice 	4 stars	  19 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Although manufactured by Videocon owned agency and marketed by Philips, this TV is no less compared to its expensive counterparts. I have a 32" Sony as well and the picture quality in the Phillips set is no less than the Sony. Audio is an issue, but install a pair of good speakers and your problem is solved! Perfect choice for a sub 30K (Rs) LED. Also, the 3 years warranty is a big comfort factor.  Flipkart delivery and Phillips installation, both were highly commendable, in terms of timeliness and professionalism. 	5 stars	  19 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  First of all Thanks to Flipkart and Philips for this Delivery & wonderful product. The picture quality is awesome and Just started using it, will post more after few days. 	5 stars	  19 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  saw this tv in showroom but wanna buy in flipkart , whenever i login to this site either it appears not available to this area or the price is too high my budget is 30k , come on flipkart give me few more offers..... wanna watch WC in this tv 	1 star	  17 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this LED after doing much research. Also visited the local shops in Pune. But this model was not available with them. For 4000 series they were quoting upto 37000 Rs.I don't understand why such big price difference in online and shop purchases.  Any way I am really happy that flipkart delivered me this awesome television as promised. Very good packaging as usual. Got 3390 Rs off as purchased from flipkart app.  Also got 3 years extended warranty.  Viewing experience is just awesome. No problem at all.  I love PHILIPS brand and flipkart too. 	5 stars	  15 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is the product which will satisfy the basic needs of having 40inch HD TV. Picture quality is really good with HD set top box.  Negative side is its volume, but again looking to the price its give real value for money and 3 years of warranty is icing on cake. 	4 stars	  14 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  the serial number on my tv and invoice did not match and took many days/many calls to rectify it from flipkart thank at last. 	5 stars	  14 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hello Flipkart,  Could you please let us know at what pincode in chennai this TV can be deliverd.  I tried a few and they did not work Villivakkam, Nanganallur, Adyar, Tiruvanmiyur, Royapettah, GT, Parrys and Avadi.   Ridiculous!! 	1 star	  13 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Awesome picture quality with HD DTH. Full HD Screen is good, volume a bit on lower side, detects external drives very fast & plays almost all formats. I think TV manufacturers should change the placement of ports as it is very difficult to connect any wires if you have wall mounted the TV. Excellent Service from Flipkart team. Thank you so much to Philips and Flipkart  	4 stars	  13 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  dear sir i want purchace philips led 40.2 on emi but ur emi option is not working, can tell me about this product how i can purchase with emi 	4 stars	  13 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  From 2 Days I Have Not Installed TV Due To Service personnel Not Contacted. Even Not Received Warranty Card Also. 	1 star	  10 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  i bought above philips model from flipkart. tv delivered in time.Ekart service is very very good.i'm happy from all services given by flipkart except installation it was installed by 2 days later.after more complaints.call center does not reply properly.  overall i have good experiance & recommed to buy. 	4 stars	  08 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Nice looks, superb LED quality, 3 years of warranty, handy remote, great VFM. Get chromecast / apple tv / android tv to make is SMART... Good work Flipkart !!! 	5 stars	  08 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Overall Picture quality is good,for HD, SD video no up-scaling. Sound is pathetic not sure what speaker system is installed very bad sound quality. Its does not justify the brand name and the cost of the TV.   TV is locally manufactured by third party and sell under PHILIPS name. 	3 stars	  08 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  When an hard disk is connected through USB port it is not detected and the tv gets restarted. i have read the same problem in another review. i have raised the ticket for exchange and waiting for it.  Flipkart service is awesome, but waiting for my problem to be solved.  Update:  Thanks to Flipkart, i have received the replacement promptly and the TV is a beauty and unmatched in its price,class and warranty. 	5 stars	  06 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Bought this TV on 8th December 2014 and delivered on 9th December 2014. Philips service center person visited next day for the installation. Quality of the TV is excellent and at par with other TV manufacturer. Overall very happy with TV. 	5 stars	  05 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Video good. Sound system not satisfied. For better sound system we need extract equipment like 5.1 or some other sound surrounded system . 	3 stars	  02 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Very Good LED and value for money with 3 year extended warranty. Most of the features are there at this price point except two - No IPS Display, hence diagonal visibility is poor. And audio is a bit inferior. Gives much better results under DTH against Cable. 	5 stars	  31 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Its been 3 weeks now, i am quite happy with the TV performance and screen size. Its amazing, and viewing angle is really good. Sound quality is good too, you just need to vary the incredible sound setting ON / OFF to vary the sound / audio quality.   And most important thing is the service from Philips. I have installed this TV 100 KMs away from Bangalore, and its installed by Philips technician within 2 days of delivery. 	5 stars	  31 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I am using since 1 week and very much satisfied. Wonderful product in amzing deal !!!  I must suggest to buy this. 	5 stars	  31 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  excellent tv,good eye feast.picture quality and sound also superb.i noticed no cons.am very happy with this tv.great product.i would buy this again and again for my relatives also,loving and enjoying it very well...:) 	5 stars	  29 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  The display is awesome. I connected my 51cube chinese tablet and my latest CPU via hdmi cables with this TV. I get 1080p 60Hz. I want to know how can i get 1080p 240Hz as mentioned.  Now I directly connected my CPU via hdmi with this TV. I watch full HD 1080p youtube videos and feeling good. I have connected Creative 2.1 speakers with my CPU and not on TV. (Because the TV's sound is poor when we connect USBs) 	5 stars	  29 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  The TV was delivered promptly as per the delivery date and time. The installation was also done the very next day by Philips. So thumbs up to Flipakrt and Philips service.  After some tweaking of picture settings, I have managed to get the image to more natural and realistic levels whereas form factory they where too vivid n bright.  The only issue I am facing with the picture quality is over pronounced red n shades of red, which I am unable to tone down.  I wish it had more picutre tuning options, it just has the most basic options which even my previous 5 yr old LCD had.  Essentially for 30k you are getting a no nonsense no frills basic direct lit led TV. If you are OK with it then go for it.  At least it has the known Philips Precise pixel processing engine which has to be much more superiors to any other TVs in this price brackets like micromax or sansui or videocon, VU etc which have unknown and some random processing engines.   Yes, the sound volume is OK for a small room but its quite hollow and tiny sounding.   One major issue I faced, the remote control was not working, essentially its dead on arrival. I have already lodged in a complaint with philips and promptly got a calk back from one of the local Philips service center rep that it will be replaced in 2 days.  So all in all, a Great vfm, no frill, nonsense buy. For average consumer the picture quality after some tweaking would be great only the videophiles might find it inadequate.  But obviously a much better buy the other cheap brands I have mentioned. 	4 stars	  27 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  The product is really awesome it's worth for money, Philips is giving this product for less money and the brand value is also there, Also one more advantage is that Flipkart will be getting 3 years of warranty it's really great,  	5 stars	  24 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  i was trying to book this model to be delivered in hyderabad but they say it cannot be delivered and there is no way to know when the stock will be available. 	1 star	  23 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I'm amazed, GOTA FHD 40 inch TV from a reputed brand for 27641rs after exchange and 10% instant discount with 9 months emi intrest waived. Got the TV on time installation was also done one time. FK is awesome. Outside the TV costs not less than 35K 	5 stars	  22 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  good product at this price...got the product without delay and the package quality was good from seller...Video quality is good but sound is poor compared to Samsung or Sony 	5 stars	  22 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV only for 23K with exchange of my old TV.I am very happy with this product and flipkart guys are awesome,great service and even better service for Philips people. 	5 stars	  22 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Just go for it without thinking twice..its one of the best deal which you can have, awesome product with better picture quality comparable to leading brands, true value for money. 	5 stars	  21 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  First of all i do not have the idea to go with Philips.All of a sudden was browsing flipkart and fortunately saw this model.30% discount and also old tv exchange!!! Was shocked.Then started researching on things.Went to showroom to see the performance of this model.But this 5000 series model was not available in any of the showrooms but analyzed 4000 series.It was performing good.Compared other models but for this range only 32 inches are available in other brands like LG,Samsung,Sony.So finally came to a conclusion for booking this TV.Booked on 7th Dec in Citibank credit card in 12 EMI.The interest amount as an offer was returned back to my Flipkart wallet(for which you can purchase things in flipkart but only from WS retail).I had blocked a time slot on 11th due to my non-availabilty.Flipkart is fabulous in delivery.By 10am flipkart courier service ringed me on 11th and they delivered the tv and took old CRT.I just ringed up philips immediately and by evening they had sent their persons for installing.Mounting bracket is provided in the box.By 5pm total installation is over.Sound quality and picture quality is good.Value for money.So thin,not like other philips model.So Sexy and attractive.Only thing when movies are played via USB the sound is very low.I had connected my creative 2.1 and now it suits my living room aptly.Also when wall mounted it is very difficult to insert USB.So i bought a USB extension cable for Rs110 at nearby shop and now the issue is resolved.For 30,040/- its woth for money that too 40inch... Go for it!!! 	5 stars	  21 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart makes sure that purchasing TV online at their site is an experience better than an in store purchase. In 4 days of placing the order, the TV was delivered & installed.   Looks great, the picture quality is great, especially when viewed from front (Slight color variation when viewed from sides - this is common for all non IPS panels). Viewing angles are great, even though this is not an IPS panel. USB plays most video formats, has multiple connectivity options and is easy to operate. Sound is sufficiently loud, never have to turn up the volume over 30. Satisfied with purchase as its great value for money. You must have a HD settop box and channels to really make justice to its picture quality.  some downsides...TV does not come with any cables, so had to spend a couple of hundred on new cables. The USB port at back is a little hard to access if the TV is wall mounted, so you might want to buy a USB extender cable so you ca easily attach USB devices, without having to remove the TV from wall mount.  I had compared this TV to samsung, LG & Sony brands, all of which cost about 7K to 10K more. And the plasma from LG and Samsung around this price, although are good products , but lack HD experience and lively colors of LED. This is simply the best branded Full HD TV once can but in its price range. 	5 stars	  21 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Thanks to flipkart delivered in time. If you want to say about the television its superb. I bought this television on 18 December 2014. I used to buy only sony and samsung product in electronics. This is the first time i have bought philips product (TV). I never expected the equality from philips. No need to buy samsung or sony bcoz its very similar to those products. Display looks awesome. I suggest everyone to buy this product. Its worth for money. No need to waste your money of buying other brands like samsung or sony. 	5 stars	  18 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart, is always at its best when delivery of good comes in picture. Superbly packed material.  13th Dec I ordered this product at night and received on 16th Dec afternoon, which is prior to 6 days of delivery commitment. Along with got it installed by Philips on 17th Dec.  Product seems to be nice by it shape and size. Still i need to explore the options provided. So cannot comment on this. But for this beauty I went ahead after reading all the reviews under 30K budget. I got this product in 28,040 Rs under exchange scheme during GOSF event. 	5 stars	  18 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I don't think so any well known brand LED TV will provide this offer.. FlipKart hats off !!!  Thank you. 	4 stars	  18 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  About FlipKart: Delivered within 2 and half days (Ordered Thursday night, I requested to deliver on sunday morning (8-11am) and they delivered it @10:30am. Thanks to all Flipkart folks for great service.  About TV:  Picture Quality: Best and crystal clear. Sound Quality: Enough and clear (20 volume is enough for 14x16 hall) Build: Superb Looks: Very slim; Stylish table stand and easy to install.  Price: Lowest price on flipkart  Don't think twice....buy it without reading other review. 	5 stars	  18 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this LED after doing much research. Also visited the local shops in Pune. But this model was not available with them. For 4000 series they were quoting upto 37000 Rs.I don't understand why such big price difference in online and shop purchases.  Any way I am really happy that flipkart delivered me this awesome television as promised. Very good packaging as usual. Got 3390 Rs off as purchased from flipkart app.  Also got 3 years extended warranty.  Viewing experience is just awesome. No problem at all.  I love PHILIPS brand and flipkart too. 	5 stars	  17 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I dont want to spend 10-15 K extra just for the smart TV option. because in india ,we don't get the band width which supports smart TV features to the fullest.   I would buy cromecast and use it to convert my TV to smart :) 	4 stars	  16 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Thanks Flipkart for fast delivery & Philips for quick installation within 4 hrs of delivery. About product,Picture quality is pretty good compared to leading brand Tvs in this price braket. I am just little disappointed by sound quality.....but that can be ignored.....just buy it...go for it 	5 stars	  12 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Got the product within a day  About product Best in the range i have searched many sites and read many reviews before buying this and i am happy with product that i got. Best part is that Philips giving 3year warranty for the product and Flipkart made claiming the warranty easier. 	5 stars	  12 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Spot on Delivery at time mentioned while ordering & was amazed to see the quick  delivery to even city like Jaipur. The product was good & had all components as mentioned. Flipkart itself coordinated for installation & hence no hussle at my side and was done on same day at delivery   I just mentioned above line to compare it with other services, where i ordered the same product but did not got anything till a month and then i had to cancel the same, and i ordered again and got defective piece which even had a wall mount stand missing.  Hence you can see the difference and my experience with both firms in same product.  Thanks Flipkart. 	4 stars	  11 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Excellent clarity and clarity of sound suitable for a decent size living room. Aesthetic wise, best in its class with thinnest bezel. Make sure you have HD connection from the subscriber. Low power consumption is another nice feature which is a low burden on the electricity bill. 	5 stars	  02 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I got this TV this Diwali. Nice Product  Pros: 1. Good Picture Qualty (if watching MKV movies) 2. Decent size  Cons: 1. Sound is bit less.. 2. Less Video Format supported  All Together this is a decent buy, in its range 	4 stars	  01 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  ordered 26-Nov evening and Next day product was delivered and Installed before 2PM...  Value for Money---100%  Flipkart is best when it comes to fastee delivery.  TV is great..Thoug sound is low.You need to have external speaker for better sound effect.  Overall experience is great.Will strongly recommend this product.  	5 stars	  01 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  As per promise , Flipkart delivered it on time. 5 star for that.   For installation and Demo I will give "minus" "-5 star" It took more than 13 days for flipkart to assign installation and demo for me.  But I did it myself by directly contacting to Philips customer care in 4 days.  I bought it for 26k with special discount offer and SBI 10% off. :D  "Super value for money product."  No sound issue at all Thin display looks sexy :D Zakkas video. Stand makes it more gorgeous.  No issue at all till date.  Loved the product.  Thank you flipkart. 	5 stars	  30 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart is usually known and famous for its on time deliveries but in this case I haven't seen such a pathetic response on the delivery. I had specifically asked the customer care executive and she confirmed that the item would be delivered in next 2 days but its been 4 days now but there is no information on the product availability. The team is following up with the back end team. Come on, if you can't deliver don't make promises. The product was supposed to be presented as a gift to someone but due to all this non-sense I had to rush late evening in the market to order another one from Market. 	1 star	  29 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I would like to thank Flipkart and Ekart(whom nobody thanks anyways) for the prompt and service standards almost bordering on concierge quality..... Thank you very much.  Product is very good considering its price.. Would recommend it. Only advice is to buy a sound system along with it as the speakers are puny and audio quality is bad.   	4 stars	  23 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Yesterday, I ordered 3 Led TVs (Philips 40PFL5059). I got order confirmation but within a minute it got cancelled and my Rs 91773 got stuck upto dec 1, 2014. I called customer care but they told that they will not be able to help in this matter. They told me try to order fresh only single TV at a time, it may work. Second time also i got order confirmation for 1 led tv for Rs 30591 but within a minute it got cancelled. I again called flipkart's CC, they told that money will be return within 8-10 days. I was gifting these tv to my father. I was taking these tv to bihar as there is no delivery there. Now, I can't as my money got stuck for a week atleast and i have my train on this saturday. I have been active online customer and my views about flipkart was different till last night. Now, I have very different opinion and worst online experience. If, I will not be able to gift these TV to my father in this trip, I will make sure my circle never purchase any product from this sick online megastore. And what a sick Customer care which says we understand your problem. I am very very disappointed and angry at this sick site which said your Rs 122000 got stuck for 10 days due to technical issue. Zero rating was not an option. Hahahahaha, again a sick way to get atleast 1 star in a review. 	1 star	  22 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Bought this and as everyone says, great service by Flipkart and installation was done as promised the next day of the delivery and yes the TV gives a great experience for the money you pay.  Tested this this TV end to end by connecting it to a Airtel HD set top box and also connecting it to a PC through the 2 HDMI Slots provided and the PC video processing using the AMD 6800 Graphic Card.  The experience you get using the TV is decent, the picture quality is good overall but is inconsistent across different HD videos played on Youtube and oddly enough even on the set top box the HD channels delivered inconsistent picture quality. Some videos/ Channels were exceptionally good but some of the other were a little ordinary. From a gaming perspective, this is one TV you should seriously consider, the refresh rate is great and the the LED is bright. Excellent experience while playing Call of duty Modern Warfare. The sound through the TV is absolutely not good. In short the speakers sound like a mobile phone loud speaker which has been amplified. Experienced a lot of echo even though i went for the wall mount set up as recommended by Philips since the speakers on the back.  Some videos will make you question the price of the TV as well as to how it is being sold for 32990 after the savings on Flipkart.  And the most important point, I bought this TV looking at the 3 Year warranty and guess what, the TV user manual and the warranty card states that it is a 12 month warranty which i think is false advertisement on Flipkart's part. Also, there is no proper way of registering for warranty on Philips site as all they ask you for is to upload the invoice of the bill.  This has been a mixed experience overall but still a good buy as my motive was gaming and this TV is excellent for the same. 	4 stars	  18 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I have ordered this product on 21st October 2014.  1.Flipkart Delivery-They have promised to deliver the product on 28 October from 10AM-12PM(received an SMS) .I have taken a day off and I was waiting for the product to be delivered.The delivery person has called around 1 PM for delivery but till 9.30PM no one has come.My complete day has gone waste. Finally it has been delivered on 29th.  2.Installation is done after 4 fine days.  3.My Invoice copy-The S.No of my TV is not matching with the S.No printed on the Invoice.I have called the customer care,they said I have to send the snaps of the S.No details on the TV and the invoice in an e-mail to the concerned team.I have done the same very promptly but no reply from them yet. I have called the customer care n-number of times but they say within 24 hrs I will be getting a reply.But there are so many 24 hrs gone,but not even a single reply from them.  4.Next on the TV-I have reported the USB issue and the remote control not functioning issues and raised a return request. But for that also it was committed that by 5th Nov I would be getting a call.But no calls. After that I have called Flipkart almost every day.But they said the same answer 24 hrs. I have received a SMS saying that it will be resolved by 11nov,but no reply. Again I have received another SMS saying that it be resolved by 13 Nov,but no response at all. I have a called the cust.care on 14th Nov,they said that within 24 hrs it will be resolved. But till today(17/11) not even a single call from Flipkart.  Still not even a single thing mentioned above is rectified.   I was looking for a (minus 5 stars) but I was not able to get that. 	1 star	  17 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Got the product on 13/11/2014 and the installation was completed on 14/11/2014. Flipkart is Amazing kudos !!!! The Philips executive was really friendly and forthcoming which made me appreciate the service they offer. Now with regard to the TV. It is a delight to watch. The bezels are razor thin and this device is a thing of beauty and statement of style. The stand looks good to top it off. Now coming to the features it is a base TV no gimmicky smart features or 3D which is a pure waste of money since it slows down refresh rates and provides features which quite frankly aren't useful in day to day life. The display is brilliant, though a bit on the reflective side so dont keep it against direct sunlight. The resolution of Full HD is a delight to watch, 240 HZ refresh rate only makes things better as no other TV offers it and its great for sports and gaming (I personally use ps3). The sound is good enough to fill a decent sized room (better than most brands). And philips warranty of 3 years is an icing on the cake.  Note :- Here is just an advice, don't buy TV's from reputed brands since the difference in the price is what they charge for advertising. This TV is equal to if not better than the rest. Also, SD quality videos look pixalated (Better prefer a HD setup Box beleive me its worth it !!). For HD videos or streaming there is nothing better !! 	5 stars	  17 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  please put it into under 3 offers as you are offering on other LED TVS of Philips Brand, i want to buy it but only if you can put it under Exchnage offer 	4 stars	  15 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I would like to thank Flipkart for bringing this wonderful 40" Philips LED TV to my home at such an affordable price. I researched many other brands and found that Philips provided the best value for money. The picture clarity is excellent. The TV looks very good and is very slim. The sound quality is good with Cable TV however it requires speakers / home theatre system when watching movies from a usb or dvd player. I have purchased F&D 5.1 channel speakers which makes the whole movie watching experience excellent. The Flipkart representatives delivered the product very promptly and efficiently at the predetermined time on 10/11/2014. The Philips representative set up the TV within two hours of me receiving the TV. On the whole I am very impressed with both Flipkart and Philips and can truly say that I am a delighted and satisfied customer. 	4 stars	  15 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Overall product menu good, Picture Quality excelent. Sound Quality good but volume is low. need additional speaker for better experience.   Best viewing experience is with HD setup only. 	3 stars	  14 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Philips 40 inches TV is Value for Money TV Pros: 1.40 FHD at 28K (Unbeatable Price ) Exchanged my old LCD TV  2. Flipkart Delivery System :Delivered the Product on date  3.Plays all formats except on USB ;Quick play  4.The Sound is good Enough for DTH 5.Beautiful TV  Cons: 1.Doesnot Detect NTFS format (Major Letdown) 2.For some movies sound is more than enough ,for some not even able hear the   explosion 3.If you wall mount the TV ,then its difficult to access the ports  4.Warranty seems to be a 1 year ,instead of 3 years 	5 stars	  14 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Philips TV is a good buy in this price range, for specially who're looking only for Full HD and not concerned about Smart TV features.  Flipkart and Philips were very prompt in delivering and installing it.  Picture quality, Sound quality and all other TV features are simply the best. 	5 stars	  08 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Unfortunately received faulty TV set with volume issue which both philips & flipkart readily acknowledged & replaced.  After comparison found that between 4000 series TV & 5000 series TV only difference is that of power consumption 100 watts & 70 Watts respectively. All features are identical. Flipkart delivered the product on time & collected old tv as well for exchange.   Full HD Screen is good, volume a bit on lower side, detects external drives very fast & plays almost all formats. I think TV manufacturers should change the placement of ports as it is very difficult to connect any wires if you have wall mounted the TV.  Definitely VFM product 	4 stars	  07 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I ordered the LED TV on 2nd November and as promised got delivered on 3rd November,2014. at 1500 Hrs. I called up flipkart to know when the installation will be done, they responded that the same will be done in next 24-48 hours, but we didnt receive any message /communication for delay etc. Hence I advice them to take it back.  Seriously Flipkart is only efficient in Mumbai region and very poor in KOLKATA. There service sucks.  	1 star	  06 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Everyone gives 5 stars for flipkart service. i don't know why. Their customer care is utter dismal. They promised me free installation of tv and it didn't happen even after 15 days of delivery!!! I am fed up with them after calling them during the course of time and listening to their false promises. Atlast i had to do on my own expenses. Please do not buy any Tv sets from flipkart. 	1 star	  22 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Wanted to know if any one have purchased this product ,   How is the Viewing Experience and quality 	1 star	  21 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  saw this at vijay sales along with sony samsung and lg tv's. it was hard for me to tell the difference between picture quality. came home and ordered it, received it 2 days later. its a huge tv, excellent brightness, good contrast and pretty loud. reads pendrives easily, 1080p movies work very well and and runs almost all formats. go for it. all these features at such low cost, its worth spending. 	5 stars	  19 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  i am using this device .and got some white spot on its screen.hope that not gonna b huge problem,so not replaced from flipkart.now i am facing the problem verymuch.so i contact micromax service care they send there inquiryman,and they came around 3days.said that it will be repair or replaced very soon.now its around 1.6month they r not responding.i called them so many time from head office they said call the micromax head in westbengal.and i called him for around 5 days.one day he called and sais that your product will replaced in this week.but not replaced so i called him again at 9pm today .so then he talking this is closing is going on that cnt be replaced now,i cant give u the replacement call to flipkart.and then said that i cant give u answer now call me from 10am-6pm.what can i do now. i am now spchless,by hopping this this our indian company i bought this tv now facing all this ,guys this company has no responsibilities after selling there product.they are just selling use and thrrow product.dont buy micromax product.there behabier is like nothing like anything..........same faced for my micromx phone. now thinking what a big mistake i have done........................................... 	1 star	  04 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I did my review on MMX Led TV with various display size and I finally found this as the best fit for me. I was using Sony 40" for more than 4 years, and with the same experience I reviewed this product and here is my review.  Is it Worth? Yes! Definitely. The LED panel life time of almost all mmx TV is 30000 hrs. (Sony TV has 100000 hrs for the LCD). For a 31k budget, you cannot expect much more than this. I would be happy if this TV works for minimum 3 years at least (as it guarantees 3.5 years). People with more money, never mind about this. My review is not for them ;)  Picture Quality: I've read somewhere saying the Contrast level for MMX 40" LED is not so good. Yes, it's true with 40", but this 50" TV has no such problem. In fact, I reduced the contrast level to 12 from 60 right after the installation because it's having enough contrast to pain your eyes.  Sound Quality: You cannot expect a JBL woofer inside 1.5 inch thickness TV. I have connected my TV with my PC, USB, Airtel Digital TV and Analog Cable TV and with those all, I have never used more than 15 level (out of 100) for Sound. Isn't good enough? I don't find any problem in the sound. Gladly, it also supports an external Audio Out for 2.1 Audio System.   Physical Appearance: Front looking is good. The plastic border around the TV is small which gives more space for the display and occupies less space. Also it's good the logo is too small and almost not visible on the TV. The remote sensor at the bottom looks bit odd, but I understand there is no other place to keep it.  Accessories: I am sure, you will like it. Some one mentioned, the remote plastic is not good. I am sure, the remote is good and plastic is fine. The look and feel of the remote is good too.  Do not look at the wall mounts, you may think its not strong enough to hold the TV for a longer time, but it can hold it because the TV weight is considerably low. I can move the TV alone. So, it's fine too.  Graphics: The menu and other layouts graphics are very bad and you will feel like you are playing some "Made in Chine" type external video player. But it's doesn't mean to anyone if they are going to DTH.  Connectivities: 2 HDMI, 2 USD and 1 VGA should be sufficient enough, at least till 2018. Also I am not sure you can use a Google Chrome device as it requires the USB nearby HDMI. Still I guess you can use a USB extension cable.  What I feel that could have been improved as they are not gonna cost a lot for MMX. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 1/ Physical buttons on the TV is not easily accessible.   2/ The HDMI points at the bottom is little difficult to use. Connect once and forget it, if you wanna keep change them, you should have more patience.  3/ BUILD QUALITY IS NOT GOOD. MMX don't need give a high quality plastic and finishing at this cost, but at least, they should have fixed the parts and everything decently. For instance, if you touch the LED panel at the corners, you can feel it's not fit with all around the border.  4/ Psychologically most of the people will have a thought, that it might go mad at anytime because it's cheap. For those people, please hope for the best. I have asked my friends who is using this TV for more than 8 months and 1 year, they are good too. So no worries.  PS: I will keep updating this review as long as I use this.  Oops! I forgot to review about Flipkart. Yeah, it's quite boring because I have to write the same thing every time. The delivery was good and they carried the TV inside the hall and handled it so softly. The installation happened exactly in 48 hours. The voice support guy was so amazing to explain me by saying "Sir, please do not open the box until our service men come and do the installation". ;).   So please keep the box unopened until the installation guy knock your door.   	5 stars	  24 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I did a lot of research over the net to get the best price for this product and I got this product at its best price. i.e 31540. This includes SBI Cash Back of Rs 1250 and Rs 1200 for exchanging my 15 inch not working TV.  I ordered this TV on 21-Oct-2014 and got the product delivered on 26-Oct-2014. Before the product comes I had already ordered for Tata Sky HD+ and it was a pleasure to watch HD channels on the TV. My whole family is satisfied with the choice I made to go for Micromax.   I could not see a mere pixel from a distant level. The colors were so bright that I could see every single and small detail of the picture.  If you are ordering this TV then I would recommend that you get Tata Sky HD installed. "Kasam se HD dekhne ka mazaa aa jayega".  I think Micromax is on the verge of redefining its brand image in Indian markets.  Amendment on 27-Nov-2014:   What I wrote 1 month back after using the TV for 2 days is absolutely true even now after using the TV after 1 month.  There is not even a single drawback which I could see in this TV.  I have started watching Hollywood movies after a gap of nearly 10 years because of the superb picture quality and my Tata Sky HD Recording Box. I am loving watching Hollywood movies (Only on Tata Sky HD channels).  Blindly go for it people. 	5 stars	  27 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  There is no audio output, which means this TV cannot be connected to a home theater. While today, even primitive TV models have a basic function of audio out, Micromax, I donot understand how could they make such a blunder. No reviews mentioned it, I bought and suffered. 	2 stars	  13 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  My review of Micromax 50C1200FHD 124 cm (49) LED TV is as follows, 1. Picture Quality - Decent but not on par with LG/Samsung/Panasonic  2. Sound Quality- 10W*2 speakers just about does the job, SRS surround feature does not do any justice in enhancing the sound but further worsens the experience  3. Build Quality: Very Good for the cost on offer (you wont have the sheer WOW experience of Samsung or LG or a Sony)  4. 2 USB ports available (for the people who are curious to know, yes it plays most of the video formats if not all)  5. Interfaces for AVI/Component/HDMI are awkwardly placed and are difficult to access   6. TV was shipped with beautiful chrome table mounts, wall mount accessories, remote control with 2 AAA batteries (pls use the batteries from Duracell/Eveready, these tend to leak after some time spoiling the remote) warranty card and a user Manual.  7. User interface could have been better or may be i am too very used to the simple interface of the LG 42" LCD i currently own.  8. HD content reproduction is not on par with the LED TV's of premium make, but just about does the job.   Overall pretty satisfied with the make and its definitely a value for money proposition, At 32K change its a bargain... 	4 stars	  31 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I SEE THIS IN SHOPPING MALL THERE IS DEMO BETWEEN SONY,SAMSUNG,LG,PANASONIC,VIDEOCON WITH MICROMAX I CAN'T BELEIVE WHICH IS SONY ,LG ,SAMSUNG OR ANY COMPARE TO MICROMAX REALLY GOOD PRODUCT ALSO ALL MOVIE FULL HD 1080 IS WORKING SUPERB NICE SOUND ALSO VGA PORT AVAILABLE  WHY BUYING LG,SONY,SAMSUNG OR ANY OTHER BUY INDIAN MANUFACTURE MICROMAX TV ITS GOOD PRODUCT REALLY 	5 stars	  29 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Would have purchased this 50 inch if it was lauched prior to the 39 inch TV. I'm very happy using the 39 inch Micromaxx TV. Go for it Consumers !! 	5 stars	  17 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  This TV is awesome.  Picture quality is equivalent to any existing brands, watched HD movies WALL-E, How to  train your dragon, Kung Fu Panda, The quality is mind blowing.  I found the rich colors some better then my old Samsung LED TV.  Connected my local cable and watched some regional channels, the quality is better then my old Samsung TV.   I am fan of rich and vivid colors, being a photographer would like to see pics and videos on large screen, this TV is very impressive in this regards as well.   Now let us come to the main point which other companies usually refer to. The refresh rate:   60 hz... This is 100 time higher then what human eye can observe,   Samsung says it has 100 hz, Panasonic 240Hz Sony 800Hz lol. . .:P  The above values are just values to make their product sell at higher price.  If you browse your computer setting the max refresh rate there is 60 Hz.. And we play games,movies etc on it..   So there is no point in comparing TVs over refresh rate any thing above 50 Hz is great.   To conclude, if u planning to buy this TV then just go for it.. Picture quality is excellent, Sound quality is also superb , you can connect external speakers if u want to. All types of input modes available. 	5 stars	  18 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Super Good Deal . No more words to explain ... Sound is more than expected . No need of a speaker as required for other similar TV's 	5 stars	  06 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  MMX is doing great job. The product is cheap (as it exclude extra features we never use like 3D and smart OS) and gives similar pic quality as LG,Samsung LED TVs. 	5 stars	  21 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Clarity is superb, brightness and color production is way better than my another LG PLASMA 42 inch... sleek design...two stands at the bottom gives perfect look to tv... am using this as pc monitor for gaming and movies... with stereoscopic glasses 3D movies are also fun on this LED huge screen...  	5 stars	  22 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  All, order_id=OD002852376500131100 Order Amt: Rs. 31990 I am certified buyer of flipkart and I want to ensure that my feedback reaches all the buyers of FLIPKART.  I have ordered for this product on Friday ( 15 Mar 2015), got the product delivered on Saturday ( 16 Mar 2015). The installation person came to my house today to get this installed. Based on the feedback and review from the previous buyer I ensured that I do not open the package. I wanted the installation person to remove the seal. When we opened the package, I was shocked to see that the product I received was indeed a used one. I can clearly see the scratches near the wall mount area of the TV. Also the packaging items had dirt on it. I have taken pictures of them but I do not see any option in this feedback form to post them. I immediately called FLIPKART to cancel the order and the return is in progress ( req no: 150517037289 / representative : 150517037289 )  Advise to Buyers: 1) Think twice before buying anything which is of high value ONLINE. I had great faith on FLIPKART and had been a loyal customer so far. But today they have breached my trust. 2) Do not open the package. Let the installation guy handled it. 3) Check the packaging. Look for scratches and dents in the product. If there are any return it. 4) If anyone has ordered already this product and waiting for installation ( or had their installation recently done ) check for all the points above. Questions to FLIPKART: 1) You advertise a product saying its genuine and brand new. But why did I receive a refurbished product. 2) How many such products have already reached the customers. Is this not a case of FRAUD. 3) I am currently exploring legal options to see if this can be pursued further. I have seen similar cases with SNAPDEAL but did not expect the same from FLIPKART. You just lost a loyal customer.  	1 star	  17 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this product on 25th of March, till now no one has come to installation, have been following up with Customer care guys and local service center from almost 3 days. Had very bad experience, have almost called customer care guys 40 to 50 times. No one has turned up yet.   Please do not buy this product, worst experience with customer canr and service guys. 	1 star	  01 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have recently got this TV and been using it for few days now,i have played HD content,music,checked still images and overall i am not satisfied but not disappointed either as for this price this is the best we can get i guess.The Built quality is good and TV looks packed with features on papers but in Reality it falls below expectations. The HD content played doesn't feel like full HD,sound is not good. I would suggest to go for a 40 inch TV in the same price and Samsung,sony,LG are better in quality. If i would have to suggest something to Micromax i would suggest them to work on quality rather than on cheap prices.  Pros : 1.Cheapest 50 inch TV 2.Good for general use like with Cable TV or STB.  Cons: 1.HD content doesn't feel like HD 2.Sound is poor 3.No HDMI port on side 	4 stars	  22 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I was too skeptical on getting this product because of 2 things 1) price for its size and specs and mixed reviews 2) Brand is pretty new and launching in a limited stock and scale.  But at the end of the day, price makes u think a lot for getting this. So I took risk to get into a local electronics shop and they had this displayed aside LG and Samsung and believe me until i asked him about Micromax, I didn't know that this 50 inch monster was Mircromax. Not even a single straight away diff between this budget jewel and the monsterly priced Brands.. I took the gamble to go with he guts.  and now after 1 months of falling in love with this and spending more time in front of TV with family, I can tell u this.. If u want luxury @ a cheap price with LED and HD facilities, no other brand can beat MicroMax in price and the size of this beauty.  Got it delivered in 2 days and next day 09:00 AM sharp Micromax engineer was on my door steps. So professional and expertised, the installation was done in 10 mins as most of the things are self explanatory. So ppl who have budge in mind, JUST GO FOR IT.  Pros: PRICE , INDIAN BRAND, SIZE for its PRICE, 2 HDMI and 2 USBs (no other brand has this combo and I dare to be proved wrong) Amazing color rendition and sound (as many complained is not a issue @ all) was great for the videos and movies we are watching.  Cons: Well if you got the best for your price investment, I guess I wont put anything else.  Only minor cliche for me is when you shuffle between HD content (External HD) and Set Up Cable, the volume setup has to be manually adjusted which is not a big pain but could have been more easy for control.  Its so light weight for its size I believe I wont go for any other brand now for my 2nd Master bedroom TV other than this beauty....  Hope you enjoi the experience and satisfaction I had with this beauty. 	5 stars	  23 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hi,  I am buying TV from flipkart. Micromax 50C1200FHD 124 cm (49) LED TV (Full HD). Flipkart delivery was very punctual (3-4 business days ).  But for installation and demo taking too much time its now 5 Th day from the delivery of product but still not get installed.And in case if we call flipkart customer care every time get the same answer give us 48 hours for installation.  please don't buy micromax LED TV from flipkart as there is no time limit for installation and demo.  	1 star	  01 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  49" led TV is worst condition pls dont buy the micro max TV bcoz of i buy the new TV micromax but just two month my tv was fault but still my led TV is not rectified and service also is very worst,bad service and micro max is nothing pls dont buy the micro max TV any kind of mobile or some other in micro max dont buy it its my humble request   and my rating is -100 	1 star	  06 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi Buyers!  First of all i would like to mention that this review has nothing to do with the quality of the product as i have not yet received it and the rating solely is based on the DELIVERY expectations not being met! (for the Order placed on early morning 15th feb).  If you are thinking of buying this product from flipkart (read 'our so trusted WS Retail'), i would recomend you to think twice! I ordered this product at 2:30 A.M. on 15th February with an assured delivery date of 26th February, to which i was hoping that the product might get delivered by 26th as the system generated date of delivery is the the most risk forecast-ed date that is predicted with respect to the product's delivery!  Apart from this, the page with the information from the courier (GAITI) tracking number has been stuck frozen on the same status since February 19th Evening and despite SO MANY phone calls to the flipkart customer service portal, i was always assured that i need not worry and my product would be delivered before the delivery date anyhow!  Even if this is a delay from the Courier department, the flipkart officials should have taken a stern action by now and escalated the matter, but all i hear are replies in cold-blood without even a nickle's sense of responsibility with respect to a clients time and money!  This isn't my first purchase from flipkart and i have never faced such a hassle before with any products! Not even during the Big Billion Sale and i am highly disappointed with this purchase i made.  I will not trouble you all with all that is going through my mind atm, but would just like to advice you to be pre-prepared to face such hassles if you are about to order this product.  P.S. For the flipkart officials and interested review readers: I'll be cancelling my order if i don't receive the my order by 27th Feb evening and will look up for an accordingly stern action towards my time and money wasted and such an unprofessional and unethical behavior! 	1 star	  27 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this TV on 11th Feb and got the same on 13th Feb, installation was done on 14th Feb. Thumbs up to Flipkart delivery and Installation service from Micromax. BUT on the same day I noticed that black levels of this TV are very poor. The white patches can be seen on the black background throughout the screen specially at the bottom corners. I complained about the same to Flipkart and they replaced the TV but the problem remains the same. The frustrating part is the third & fourth attempt to get the 100% defect free TV were also unsuccessful, the TVs sent on 3rd & 4th attempts were even worse. Just search for "Clouding issue with LED TV". This TV model is impacted due to this problem. The Micromax is not even doing quality check for their products and due to this customers are getting impacted.   Now Flipkart is asking me to return the TV and take the refund. JUST REFUND. THAT'S IT??? what about the inconvenience I faced for a month. I also bought a 40 inch Model from Micromax which is perfectly fine in terms of black levels and other features.  REFRAIN FROM BUYING THIS 50 INCH MODEL (50C5500FHD) FROM MICROMAX 	1 star	  15 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  i was eyeing on buying huge led Tv from long time. I didnt want to invest too much on it also. I stumbled upon this product during Diwali .. But the time I place the order it was sold out. again after a week it was sold out in no time.I waited for another week to make an orderand the timing was just perfect for me. Since I am Flipkart subscriber I got additional deal off 10% on that day with exchanging my 22 inch lcd I got a steal deal of 25 k for this tv.. delivery was done in 1 day installation was done in another day.. All went smooth.kudos to flipkart team (y)  Now about tv Pros 1. Made in India :) 2. Quality is good 3. Setup is easy (easier than my previous lcd) 4. Plug in chromecast and it will be your smart TV (tried and tested) also I can share my entire mac screen  5. Installation was smooth   Cons: 1. Bit difficult to access the Hdmi,Usb ports post installation but that's ok  Thanks Micromax and Flipkart for this gem of product..  	5 stars	  19 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  It is Simply... WOW. What a fantastic television at such a low cost. Hats off to Flipkart for prompt delivery before committed time just in 3 days with proper prior appointment. It is just perfect to my requirements... no 3D or internet is necessity with TVs. Size should be big & picture quality should be fantastic. It is just perfect value for money. 	5 stars	  07 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Need to keep Contrast on 100% percent to get a clear picture or rather HD picture     buy the new 50inch is has good contrast ratio 	1 star	  21 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its a value for money, once you play the blueray movies you can watch its beauty, the product is at par with the likes of Sony or Samsung LED tv, so I recommend this product who would like to go for it and in the same way I support the slogan "buy indian product be indian" 	5 stars	  29 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  First of all it's in budget TV and I really want to thanks Micromax to give this kind of product in market. I have brought this TV from Vijay Sales 2 weeks ago. I am really happy with quality of this product.  I have seen some of HD movies in resolution of 1980x720 and it just blow my mind. Colours are awesome and it was really running smooth on my external hard disk. I was just surprise because I was thinking it will be hang somewhere but it doesn't.  Quality of sound is also good because I also have LG 32 LED but it does not give me this kind of great sound.  Also there is HDMI 2 ports, were you just plug any Media Player (eg. Amkette EvoTV) and it become your smart tv in this category. So now you can plug wifi with this and watch the entire HD Movie from internet.   I have also try to watch 4k quality and it is unbelievable.   I love this product and I will suggest all must buy.   Thanks Micromax again for this TV :) 	5 stars	  29 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Well packaged, Delivery before time, Installation was a bit delayed but installation service we very very good. Product is performing well till now (10 days) Sound is good, picture quality is OK. All video format not played. 	5 stars	  01 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Excellent product. Less price. Delivered on time by Flipkart.  Been using this from some time. Picture and Sound quality are good.   Plays multiple formats of movies from usb thumb drive / hard disk.  Only issue is, not playing MP3 songs 	4 stars	  11 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  About Flipkart - 5* - No problems, The same quick, efficient, smooth and by now boringly predictable service.  First Impressions of the TV Had read most of the reviews and knew the pros and cons from their perspective. Here's my take: Ordered a Samsung 22" and a Micromax 49". both Full HD  Overall Quality of product: Yes the remote does seem a little plasticky and the material does not feel as good as the Samsung. Not a deal breaker for me  Picture Quality: Hard to tell the difference when watching HD content. Superb picture clarity and color. SD content from my set top box just about adequate. Will upgrade to a HD box.  Sound: Many had reported low sound out put. I have a minimum 14 ft. viewing distance and maximum of 18 ft. the sound was more the adequate for me. the STB volume was at 50% and the TV volume was set to less than 20 and I had no problems whatsoever.  OSD Menu: NaaaH... it not that bad as made out to be in some reviews. Gets the job done. The Samsung was not exactly very far ahead.  Ergonomics: Yes it will be very difficult to reach for HDMI and other ports if wall mounted with the factory supplied wall mount. My solution ..got a Swivel type wall mount from out side. Now not only am I able to reach out to the ports , I can also turn the TV in any direction and will also be able to keep the walls behind the TV clean.  My take after a few hours of ownership: This is the biggest bang for your buck. 	5 stars	  26 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  It is 100% value for money..!! i dont want tv with all features and rate is above 60K or 1 Lakh and above. I want 50 inch TV with good clarity.. yes GO 4 IT >>> this TV is really perfect in clarity even in normal SD set top box and cable connection, after i used 1week of SD box i updated with Airtel HD box, u believe it or not i cannot believe my eyes i wached IPL matches in HD channel.. it is simply WOW...!!! it is a huge tv for middle class ppl at budget price,.. after i brought one of my colleague and cousin order this tv. Im fully satisfied. 	5 stars	  27 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Received TV delivery on 4th Day of online purchase, TV is also good as excepted, Sound is good, it plays all format of music and movies  Overall TV is good for such a low price than the market value, I have brought TV for 27990/- which is worth for 50 Inches TV 	4 stars	  26 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Just I rec'd 49" LED TV.But its small damaged and Bad quality. (Confirmed by Micromax technician).   I am looking for replacement from flipkart asap...  	1 star	  17 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Saw some reviews Negatively but anyways as its coming for 33 purchased it, am extremely happy with the quality of it, its almost equivalent to samsung or sony, Sound quality is also good (some say sound is not that good infact bad) but pretty much happy with the sound too. HD channels are like crystal clear in TV (i use videocon hd) Only negative i found in this tv is that i cant pull 1TB hard drives smoothly, and cant play large size movies smoothly. other than that everything is good. 	5 stars	  04 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  I purchased MicromaX TV recently from FlipKart at a much discounted price,  I bought it at Flipkart for around 32K with exchange offer  Over all TV is functioning well. You cannot expect the picture quality of a high end Sony or LG TV. But the quality is not bad either Considering the price at which it is sold, I have no complaints what so ever.  Plus, it is an Indian brand. So tax money goes to Indian government.  	5 stars	  25 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I cant expect much from a 50' tv for 31k (under exchange). But human tendency is to expect more :) I am ruling out the price factor from by review, and evaluating it as a tv.  Pros : Good display Works  Cons : Only 2 hdmi only 1 AV  No quick plug hdmi socket on corner. UI is pretty basic Sound is low There is a sound out AV plug in corner, but the output from that too is disappointing.  Summary : A 50' tv for 33k is a steal. rest all can be compensated for using external devices. Go for it....dont expect the moon.  	4 stars	  09 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good service by flipkart I ordered on 24th Dec-2014 and it got delivered on 25th Dec-2014 in Bangalore. My Review for this This is good product for watching movies but not for them who like high volume sound and base. If you want to enjoy movies with high volume you have to play movie in your computer and connect your computer with this and then you will able to computer connected speaker for good sound quality but not directly in this Led TV. Ports are 2-HDMI, 2-USB, 1- RF connectivity, 1-VGA for system (15 Pin D-sub), 1- AV output, 1-AV Input. There is no Head Phone output for 3.5 MM Jack and you cannot connect external speaker in this model. You can connect 500 GB HDD drive and Video file format support MP4 only none of the other format it support for video while playing movie from USB   	5 stars	  29 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this product today and it is such a Awesome TV. The picture and voice clarity is similar to SONY, SAMSUNG & LG. Absolutely fantastic TV. Micromax did a great job to bring this TV into the market. Don't hesitate to buy this product such a great product with low cost.Thank you Micromax 	5 stars	  21 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Well,   Its First time I am buying Giant product - TV from flipkart. Micromax 50C1200FHD 124 cm (49) LED TV (Full HD). Flipkart delivery was very punctual (3-4 business days ).  BUT, INSTALLATION FROM PRODUCT COMPANY TAKING TOO MUCH OF DELAY....ITS 8TH DAY FROM THE ORDER NOW AND STILL I DON'T HAVE ANY UPDATE ON INSTALLATION. I ALMOST EVERYDAY APPROACH FLIPKART AND EVERYDAY I GOT ANSWER LIKE WITHIN 24-48 HOURS IT WILL GET INSTALLED.  IN FESTIVAL TIME, I AM SURE THERE IS A RUSH !!! BUT THE DELAY OF 8 DAYS IS NOT AT ALL ACCEPTABLE TO ANY CUSTOMER.  VERY POOR SERVICE.  LETS HOPE THIS FEEDBACK AT LEAST HELP FLIPKART AND MICROMAX TO IMPROVE THEIR COMMITMENT AND QUALITY OF SERVICES.  Regards, Deep   	1 star	  27 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  My Uncle bought this tv last week and I was madly excited since it was damn cheap, only 35000 rs for a 50" Full HD LED TV. The main and most important reason to get excited was the brand Micromax (in-short MMX). We had never used a micromax product before so were eagerly waiting for the TV. The packaging was superb (thanks to flipkart for easy buying and quick delivery), the courier boy had handled the product perfectly. Now, coming to the product, it was a big surprise to see the TV. We opened the carton and the tv had a premium metal finish bezel just like other big brands. The look of the TV dazzled me at first sight. We called up our local TV service-boy for installation. After the TV was fitted on the wall, it just changed the look of the wall. We had already installed TATA SKY+ HD for our 32 inch Samsung TV. The screen quality of the TV was the second thing that nearly fainted me. I was wondering that if we can get so much in this price. I could not see a mere pixel from a distant level. The colors were so bright that we could see every single and small detail of the picture. I am a huge fan of Cricket and watching cricket in this tv is much more fun than watching it on my 32" Samsung that to it costed me around 28000 three years back. This is a advice to buy an HD set-top box with this TV as the combination of both would be a perfect match. Now coming to the speakers which did a decent job in high noise levels. I am also using a TV-supported Home theatre of Sony which gives a very sharp and clear voice. No problems at all with this TV, the USB supports all file types even divx and avi which are not supported by big brands like Sony. Finally short sum-up: PROS:: GREAT LOOKS AND PREMIUM BEZEL. INEXPENSIVE GREAT COLOURS FULL HD HDMI SUPPORT USB SUPPORTS ALL GOOD FOR BIG HOMES and the biggest of all its INDIAN-MADE  CONS:: SPEAKER IS DECENT, NOT THE BEST. (A HOME THEATRE WOULD RESOLVE THE ISSUE)  NOT A SMART TV (NO BUILT-IN WIFI).  So as you guys can see there r not much of cons and a bag full of pros at dis price. Buy wid no fear, njoy and chill. TY   	5 stars	  21 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I WILL GIVE 5/5. IF THE DELIVERY OF THIS PRODUCT IN BHUBANESWAR CITY..CAPITAL OF ODISHA...................................................................... 	1 star	  21 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this from Flipkart in 34000 , V good quality , v good picture. Its an awesome buy at this price. While Same TV costs 60000+ in other good companies like LG , Samsung , Sony. Its Value for money. V good prodcut from Micromax,  Also Flipkart Service was v good , I purchased few Prodcuts from Snapdeal also. But thier service is very poor and also customer ca executives are not polite enough. However Flipkart rocks. 	4 stars	  02 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  When I first saw this TV for sale, I couldn't believe that Micromax can provide 49" TV with such a low price.  I tried to search on internet but couldn't find much info or review at all.  But price really attracted me so I played in blind and bought it.  Gati courier took only 2 days to deliver after placing the order( Valsad_Gujarat).  Believe me people, the picture quality is excellent.  Basel is really thin so TV looks really sexy.  Sound is Good Very Easy Installation   I had doubt before purchasing Micromax tv. I purchased two TVs SAMSUNG AND MICROMAX.  No difference in picture quality.  Both TV has same picture quality.  I would recommend to purchase Micromax because they are giving better features than others in low prices. ..:-)  	5 stars	  21 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV during the Diwali sale and the TV got delivered within a week.  So this review is based on my experience of 2 months, I am very happy with the overall quality of the TV and I am enjoying the viewing experience.  I had set out to buy a 32/40 inch FHD LED TV and was all set to go in for an LG/Samsung model. But this offer came along and I was getting an 49 inch FHD LED TV for the same price!   It is an golden offer and I would like to thank both Micromax and Flipkart as they have really provided a very good product at an very affordable price. 	5 stars	  16 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I brought it during the Diwali time and writing the review after using for more than 2 months. Superb Fhd tv. Bang for the money. You will enjoy every moment watching it. Good sound quality and picture quality. Amazing picture in FHD thpough usb. Thank you Micromax & Flipkart for giving us a great product at such an amazing and affordable price. 	5 stars	  14 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Pros : Cheap Looks Awesome Pretty Huge :)  Cons : Picture Quality Not All Smooth - You may find it a bit pixelated  You can't obviously compare a Rs. 30,000 TV Picture Quality with its competitors that sell at Rs. 90,000 or above for the same size.   But I am very satisfied with the product thus far. I am not sure about Micromax service as I setup the TV myself ;) 	4 stars	  13 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  very good picture quality all most plays all movies from usb  very good led in this price range you can buy this led without any questions  very very best hd tv then any other 	4 stars	  12 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  (Do not buy MIcromax TV, especially from Flipkart)  I had ordered a micromax 49inch tv from flipkart for my wives birthday. There was a defect in the product (Severe white light leaking from all sides) and flipkart sent a micromax technician. The technician surveyed the issue and told me that the tv will be replaced within 10-20 days.  Then Flipkart cancelled my return request without looking into the matter. I had to then raise another return request. Then I got a call from Flipkart and he said he will be refunding the money instead of replacing the TV  I wanted a replacement as it was a gift for my wife and we have sentimental values attached to the TV. Both Flipkart and Micromax made ZERO effort to help me get a replacement. 	1 star	  28 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  I trusted Flipkart more than micromax whn i brought this Tv. All parts are cheap quality, Micromax themself dont know what repair they have to do.I brought this tv on Dec'14 8 months now, its not running and they say IC is gone , Pannel is gone.They are making me run aroung for past 15 days. Worst experiance i have got.Pl no one buy any TV product from Mircomax. 	1 star	  28 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  SIR WHY OUR AREA NOT COVERING ? OUR PIN CODE IS 502103 AND 503111, AND 500017 WE HAVE BLUEDART CORIER 	5 stars	  27 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  PLease let us know how can i order if it is not available with pondicherry sellers. I am impressed with this tv features , will be happy if it is available in my location 	5 stars	  25 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Perfect!! Hi, I have been using this TV for more than a month and it is superb as far now. Didnt have any plans for buying a new TV until I saw this for the offered price. I was not always interested in 3D or Smart TV or any kind of crap like that coz it doesnt make any sense to me. Connect a Laptop TV becomes supersmart and 3D-Don't like it even in theaters, just eye pain and head ache. So bought it with no high expectations. Waited for one week to receive this due to some transport problem, but that doesnt stop me from giving Flipkart service 5/5 coz they backed up issues very well.  Unboxing : Done by mmx service staff. I have wall mounted it.  Read complains from others about build quality. Nope! Not for me. Build quality is excellent (>Rs.80000 Tv's). Pros: ---------- 1. Cost! Indian Product! Not paying taxes on behalf of so called premium companies which makes 30-40K extra and show that its premium. 2. Picture quality is Fine not Excellent. 4/5. Not to mention Lg, Sammy, Sony has same untold stories. No one pays 80Ks and tells that the quality is ok or can live with it. 3. Build quality - Fine again. 4. Connected all cables (2 HDMI,2 USB, A/V, Analog, Cable, PC via VGA). All are working fine given input together. No Software glitches. 6. Color/contrast is just one point short of Crisp. 7. USB is nice to use but have to choose picture/video/text at the start. Same crappy feature like in Sony smart TVs. All standard formats are supported. 6. Audio quality and sound is good. Surround sound/music/theater....are nice. 7. Streaming YouTube Videos from HDMI is really great. 8. No particular complaints about Black levels although found little things somewhere. 9. Remote is Fine. Cons: ---------- 1. Menu graphics are built using 1980's programming. Icons seem to be unfinished. 2. I think no 5.1 output. Found out R/L channel audio output the hard way. 3. Enough but not much screen presets and audio presets. Only four are available among which two looks same, one is for dull and other is user. Vivid preset is Great!  If you are comparing this with any other Brand then your research might go on forever. Smart TV, 3D are fancy things just to increase the cost of the television. Think over 'are you going to load Facebook and youtube from Smart TV Apps which is way too slow to load' or 'use 3D feature once in your life just for Avatar(....hahaha)'. Rs. 2500 box will make this into a Smart T.V. if you want. I would recommend this on any given day.  Happy Buy!!   	4 stars	  24 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV picture & built quality is good Interface is little difficult to master. Sound quality is decent. Has 2 USB/HDMI ports (They should've put it in the side rather than in the bottom for easy access) The main problem is that the TV is succeptible to any electrical change. The TV will turn off for a moment if you turn off/on any electrical appliance in the house. (Putting a voltage stabilizer didn't help)  First I though its only with my TV, but later found in a pub that they are also facing the issue with 2 same TV they have... That is also turning off for every switch. Put a complaint for the same in customer care. Waiting for the response. 	3 stars	  23 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Prompt delivery and installation by Flipkart.  Good appearance and elegant look. But only after few hours of operation, sharp white light started blooming out from the left bottom corner of the TV screen. Will initiate replacement/refund.  	2 stars	  08 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  product very very good Flipkart very good service and quickly installation this product I am very very happy 	5 stars	  02 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart delivery and installation was really smooth and fast. However TV had manufacturing defect where white light is blooming sharply from left bottom corner. Getting a refund. Ports are not well placed and picture quality is average. I am going for Samsung. Slightly costly but worth it 	3 stars	  02 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi folks i bought this TV from Flipkart after consulting my TV repair guy.  At first i was going for FULL HD SAMSUNG or SONY TV after seeing HD channels shown in any electronics showroom. Than when my TV repair guy told me that SAMSUNG and SONY have backlit LED panel issues after 1 year of use and SAMSUNG and SONY both charge around 20k for a new panel after the warranty is over, i decided to give the MICROMAX TV a try on his suggestion. And guess what MICROMAX TV worked like a charm and now its been almost 6 months and i am damm happy while watching HD channels. I am really happy that i took advise before buying an LED TV because showroom people are charging 5k more over Flipkart price.  Pros:1. Great color mixing technique used for a vivid colour experience 2. Its has a huge 49 inch display for ultimate experience  3. You can connect your PC to the TV via HDMI cable for watching FULL HD movies or for playing games ( I loved this facility to watch 1080p movies from my PC on the TV) 4. User interface is user friendly and easy to access and make necessary changes. 5. Bezels are very thin which adds to its looks. 6. The viewing angles are awesome with almost 180 degrees 7. Blacks are true blacks and not grey  8. You get MICROMAX 49 inch TV at the price of 32 inch SAMSUNG or SONY TV  Cons:1. HDMI Connection ports on bottom back side which are not easily accesible (Doesnt matter for one time cable setup)  2.Consumes 120Watt power meaning 300 rupees addition in your electricity bill (Standard 8 to 10 hours usage). 3. TV Stand is very attractive but wobbles at times so please prefer wall mounting. 4. TV is not 3D or Smart ( 3D movies come in size of 15GB and one has to bare the pain of wearing 3D goggles for 3 hours at a stretch and my PC is already smart ;) )   Special thanks to Flipkart people for making its a hassle free delivery. The TV arrived within 2 days of order. 	5 stars	  02 Sep 2015 
flipkart.com	  This TV was delivered in 2 two days & installed on the next day,Flipkart---5 Star.  Picture & Sound quality was average compared to Sony & Samsung, After working for three days the screen went blank only sound was coming. First thought there must be some problem with settings...but no luck called customer care they arranged for technician visit, technician call was to replace the tv.  Please Note:- Seller gives 30 days replacement warranty. I called customer care for replacement they offered me refund cause stock was not available at my location (Is this my problem) when seller say's 30 days replacement warranty then it's upto the seller to keep backup stock if something goes wrong. After wasting two days in hope of replacement finally took refund & ordered branded tv. Flipkart Customer Support---2 Star  NOTE:- PLEASE SPEND SOME MORE MONEY IN BRANDED TV, YOU WILL NOT BE IN FRUSTRATION.  	1 star	  30 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  I had no need to buy a TV but this was so well within budget that I couldn't resist. I don't see any reason why anyone should consider buying a Samsung, LG or Sony with the same features at 70, 000 rupees.  Picture and sound quality is awesome. Service by flipkart was wonderful.  I only have pros for this product as of now, no cons. 	5 stars	  30 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Product is excellent , I book in Flipkart and got delivered on time and installation was done on time 	5 stars	  21 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  flipkart service is excellent and they does a pretty well job by delivering the product before time !! hats off to the delivering team 	5 stars	  18 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart delivery is on time and co-ordination is also good Happy with the service. now waiting for installation ...keep you posted... 	5 stars	  13 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered online using app on Aug 8, 2015 morning using SBI debt card. Hence I got a cash back of Rs 2000 from SBI and Rs 1000 from flipkart. The product was send to GATI within 12 hours of order and reached to me on Aug 11. Aug 12 at 4 PM the service engineer called and installed at my convenience at 5.30 PM table top as requested by me.  Flipkart automatically initiates installation only when their site says that the product was delivered. Unfortunately in my case GATI people took more than 10 hours for update, but it was not reflected in the flipkart site. Hence for saving delay in installation, I called flip and they assisted promptly on priority basis.   Packing was superb. Delivery and installation five star   The product is very good on the money invested. Sound and clarity very good. Service Engineer told me if I use trueHD dish tv settop box clarity will be more good (I use Dishtv). I will post another review after 30 days of experiencing the product  Thank you flipkart !   	4 stars	  13 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Got it during the sale and so far so good. The service from flip kart was excellent.They even arranged for the installation with micromax. I won't say it is best but I would say the best for what you pay. I have a SD set-top box and the picture and sound clarity is good for SD channels. Overall Good if not the best. 	4 stars	  07 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Product is not good.After one month fully dead, contacted micromax support and they took more than one month to replace the product that to different model 50C0200FHD 	1 star	  06 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have ordered on 02 August 15 & received the product on 05th August 15 as well the installation guy was so courteous he came same day itself.  i know its too early to say but I am quite happy with procduct & the service from flipkart. Kudos !! 	5 stars	  06 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Amazing product, money's worth. Don't expect much. Doesn't pack many features, but it sure does its job.  *Picture quality 4/5 *Audio quality 4/5 *Features 3/5  IMPORTANT: Please ensure to check the unit before you sign off your delivery. Certain units feature white spots and color leaks. 	5 stars	  05 Aug 2015 
flipkart.com	  Wonderful Product. No regrets. Working like reputed brands like LG, Sony, Samsung with low cost with higher quality. 	5 stars	  31 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Very good product in this range. Can be compared with Samsung, Sony or any other top brands. External Sound output is not available but sound is loud enough. You can go with it, more than value for money. 	5 stars	  30 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I had an extensive survey of comparable products before going in for this 50'' LED of MM. Apart from certain subtle differences, I could not find out any major shortcoming in this TV. I had seen the TVs of same screen dimensions (put side by side, showing same channels) from Samsung, SONY, LG and MM and MM did not fare that badly. Further, given the price, it was an outright winner and a pocket friendly choice for me. I would not go into the technical details and jargons pertaining to pixels, resolutions and picture quality. However, the aesthetics, visual appeal, deliverables in terms of audio, video n options to connect more peripherals, user friendliness, overwhelmed me and I was a delighted customer. I exchanged my seven year old SONY BRAVIA LCD while ordering this one and also pocketed a small discount on EMIs. So, the deal was like a bread buttered on both sides for me. Now, coming to Flipkart services, they were brilliantly prompt. I had scheduled the delivery of the LED TV for 25th July (Saturday) afternoon and at 1100 hrs, this e kart guy called me up to check my availability at the address of delivery and before the TV was delivered to me, the engineering support team called me up to fix up a time for installation and DEMO. The TV was delivered and all the package contents shown and verified by the representative of e kart to me by 1300 hours. The TV was very nicely packed with its remote, wall mount and table stands. The technician installed and demonstrated (with my AIRTEL DTH) the unit on my wall by 1630. I'd ordered it on Thursday, the 23rd July and it was sitting nicely on my wall before Saturday evening. I checked both the HDMI and USB ports (2 each) and they responded without any hitch. The video and sound qualities, especially for HD channels were outstanding. It remains to be seen as how the TV performs over a period of time and how MM guys are in their customer care support but so far, it has been so good. Full marks to the TV and full marks plus some extra marks to Flipkart for making it a delightful shopping experience. Thanks 	5 stars	  27 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its been a BANG once again with FLIPKART...! THE ONLY ONLINE COMMERCIAL & PROFESSIONAL SHOP WHICH KNOWS HOW TO HANDLE SIMPLE & DELICATE HEARTS & OF COURSE EMOTIONAL FEELINGS OF SOMEONE TO ACHIEVE HAPPINESS AT ITS APEX. THX FLIPKART  "KEEP GIVING ,WHAT OTHERS CANT..!  HAPPY BUYER :  ANUJ MATTHEWS 	5 stars	  25 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Guys after one and half month of usage the product is dead now, i called flipkart but they refused for even help with service as the purchase crossed one month, and the micromax service even worse as the technician are still coming for repair and in customer care they giving another ticket number without closing the previous tickets. the after sales service for micromax are worse that i have never seen, i am waiting for 5 days for technician visit, please buy the product which have good after sales service.DONT GO FOR MICROMAX   	1 star	  21 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Best buy.im very happy with the tv.at this price better than any other brand.good performance. quick delivery 	5 stars	  21 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Yet again flipkart did a great job ..order was on time and installation guys from the micromax were on time ...coming to the t.v there is no compromise on the quality the picture is perfect full hd lives up to the expectation ......all on all its good product from micromax for the fraction of the price compared with sumsung and sony ...  A few things can be improved USB port does not cope well with portable hard disks and sound quality of the t.v is not that great but you can add home theater to improve it 	4 stars	  21 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have been using this TV for more than a month now and no complaints whatsoever. I am happy to have bought this as the pleasure of viewing HD in big television is an experience in itself. The RGB cables can be connected with the sound system to provide surround sound etc as the TV sound is decent but not that good. Its a very light TV set and very sleek also.  Anyone thinking of going for large dimension TV should definitely consider this. Best product at this price. 	5 stars	  20 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this tv on may 25 i gave complaint regarding this as some white dots are coming on the display then they replaced with new tv this itself taken 20 days after that i recieved new tv instead of old but now also i am getting same problem so i kept it for refund guys please dont go for this tv 	1 star	  15 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  happy to own this... better buy along with home theater................. ................................................................... ............................................................... ............................... 	5 stars	  14 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Bang for the buck. If you want to enjoy large TV experience but don't have too much to spend, this could be a good alternative. 	5 stars	  14 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Got this delivered within the time mentioned and so the installation was done on time as well. Have been using it for more than a month now and see no issues. 	5 stars	  13 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  First of all Flipkart is best. Prompt delivery. Good customer service. Initially was not ready to buy this. But I had Micromax mobile and it is working still now. So decided to go for it. And I am not wrong. Really a good product in less than 30,000. I am using it from Saturday as Flipkart person refused to mount it on my ply panel. I got it fixed by carpenter. Overall good build quality. You can not expect more in this price.  Picture is also good on my SD set box also. You can not find any difference for HD picture when compare to other brands. HD rocks. Menu is very basic and limited. Sound is ok and enough for my 18 feet room. Music lovers should need external speakers.  Only problem I am facing is every time I have to on the TV by remote. This is wrong, If I directly switch off the TV without using remote next time it should start directly and no need to on it from remote. Don't know this is as designed or a defect. Not find any direct menu for color adjustment. I tried color temp but still not able to get the desired color level.  If any one knows how to reduce the color. Please let me know.  Overall a good deal. And recommended for medium budget guys.  	4 stars	  13 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Simple the awesome tv. Thanks to flipkart for fastest the delievery and installation. I suggest to prefer this tv rather than the foreign brands which of too much cost. 	5 stars	  11 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good value for money. Prompt delivery and installation. ...... Would recommend it to all budget conscious users. Serves the purpose of a big screen with relative good clarity 	5 stars	  09 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Initially i was hesitated to book this new brand TV but now i am realize i made a right decision in purchase this big TV at low cost, Picture clarity is really awesome, it has two pen drive port and support most of all formats but issue i found in playing Videos with AAC2,AAC3, AAC4 audio formats are not supported so before plug it to TV, you need to convert the Audio format to MP3 format to work in the TV otherwise audio will not work. On the whole it is really worth to buy this TV. Build Quality is OK and which is not comparable with high end TV's. HD Videos quality is awesome so I always download HD Videos to enjoy in this TV and I would recommend this TV Value for Money!!!. 	5 stars	  08 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  Bought it after research and reading reviews on flipkart. Picture quality is very good especially with the HD set top box. Sound is good enough, no problem there. Delivery was very prompt but they didn't accept credit card on COD.  Overall, very much satisfied with the purchase. 	5 stars	  07 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  The product is Excellent.......Very good picture quality, sound and build quality...........I would recommend it to my friends..............:) 	5 stars	  03 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  i purchased it from flipkart in sale at Rs. 31990/- and this TV really satisfied me. I bought for my bedroom 	5 stars	  01 Jul 2015 
flipkart.com	  i bought this for my inlaws and its an excellent product ...beware of after sales service though .. that is horrible and you need to bang your head to get one thing done right.. 	5 stars	  30 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have bought this TV and using this for nearly 10 months now...I am very Happy :) No issues at all till now! 	5 stars	  30 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered Micromax 50C5500FHD 124 cm (49) LED TV on 24th June 2015. Flipkart offered me Rs. 2000/- as exchange for my old working LG CRT TV. The TV was delivered on 26th June as per the delivery schedule and the same day technician came for installation. I was really impressed with prompt service of Flipkart.   After installation I was waiting to see the full HD picture quality of my TV. I was proud of my decision to get this huge LED TV. But my happiness did not last long. Within minutes of starting of the TV a big black patch of oval shape (around 12"x8") appeared on the top left of the TV screen . The technician was also stunned to see this event. Gradually horizontal line started appearing on the screen and after some time the entire screen was full of flickering white lines. The screen was full of lines, patches and of course picture also used to appear intermittently.   After seeing all these I called Flipkart customer care with broken heart. I was assured that TV will be replaced. But the return process what I was explained, was further tormenting.  I was told that first defective TV will be picked up. Once it reached to retailers warehouse then replacement will be sent. After hearing this I was really missing my old LG CRT TV. I was repenting for my decision to exchange.   Anyway, my Flipkart account shows that pick up has been scheduled by Monday, 29 Jun'15. I am just waiting for replacement. Don't know when will it come. Its really bitter experience with Flipkart was well as Micromax. I don't know why they want to push defective products to customers. What kind of quality control method they adopt that make customers suffer. I hope that I may be able to write next review once I get replacement. 	1 star	  28 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  This is a stunning product for my living room. A 49" LED TV available for this price is unbelievable until I had the product delivered and then promptly installed by the Flipkart staff.  The build quality is average which is excepted for this price point. Having only 2 HDMI ports is inadequate for my use. But this can be handled using an HDMI switch which I purchased from flipkart. Now my Blu Ray player, Set top box, Apple TV, Laptop can all be connected simultaneously.   The picture quality is at par with other brands. However I found that there is an LED leak on the screen which can be visible when the entire screen is black on the bottom left corner. This is a manufacturing issue which should have been rectified and for many other brands such as Sony such a piece would be rejected in the manufacturing itself.  I didn't ask to replace it as this issue is prominent when the entire screen is blank. While viewing normally the issue is barely perceptible.   Overall I am happy with the product for past 1 month and hope to use it for 2 years. Didn't expect someone will sell a 49" LED TV for this price! 	4 stars	  26 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Superb Quality and fantastic display....  As we know that we have different brands having different display and clarity. So in comparison to all Brands like Samsung, Sony and LG it is equivalent to these and so just go for it.  For Those who wanna enjoy HD channels its worth, but as it is 49 inch non HD will not be so clear and it wont be so clear in any other brands also even its Samsung or sony.  For those who are more looking into home theater type feel ad sound than dont go for this if your room is bigger than 225 sqft area because its sound output is lesser than samsung and sony so you wont be able to enjoy sound quality for bigger rooms.  Rest all is really awesome HDMI USB everything is perfect !!!!  Just go for it its worth considering all specs. 	5 stars	  23 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hello Guys,  Please can any one suggest me what movie format it supports like MKV, AVI etc.  Thanks 	5 stars	  19 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  First of all flipkart is awesome i got my product perfectly packed and just in four days.....dont think that this is a cheap china peice...but far better than sony which i used before if u are looking for aa best tv in less price go for it.. 	5 stars	  19 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  First of all thanks to Flipkart!  I saw this television while just surfing through! I found the product interesting and was inclined to buy, my cousin directed me to buy from a dealer in location instead of online, I visited the local dealer, price was high and they too have no demo! so decided to go with Flipkart. Between My cousin bought a samsung 42" on the same day when I ordered this with Flipkart at 21k more than what I paid for this TV, product was delivered on time as mentioned but my bad luck product was damaged. so Flipkart has taken ownership and replaced the product in 2 days from then! Though the installation guys made me nercous with some iunwanted issues, had nothing to complain about Flipkart Support!  Now coming to the review of this TV  Pro's  Excellent Display Nice picture quality Tested with Bluray player too! Can play all Mpv and VOB movies using the usb port  2 HDMI ports, 1 AV input, 2 USB ports. 1 AV output and 1 headphone out jack  Not so good   Position of the ports, not so easily accessible after mounting Audio definitely not the best, not so worst as well  For a budget friendly massive screen, you can go for this product!   	5 stars	  17 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Such a nice huge TV at an affordable price!!.The complete transaction was very smooth ie from the purchase to Installation.Was a bit worried that i may receive a defective product but the packing was too good and received it perfectly.  Used it for a week and its amazing..Everything is working perfectly. 	5 stars	  12 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its more than a week i received my TV but there is no one who has come in for installation yet..i m suppose to review the product bt as of nw i wanna review FLIPKART service..they have fooled me till date by saying that my number is not reachable..i have share 3 numbers...2 vodafone cell numbers and 1 MTNL landline...i cant believe tht only flipkart cant reach all three numbers...I have followed up on emails...twitter....customer care number...everything is just waste of time...  I seriously did not expect this kind of behavior from flipkart...i just feel frustrated and helpless....Flipkart should not sell products if they are not sure of installation time...atleast they should not commit...i feel cheated and willl never buy anything again here...  YOU GUYS HAVE JUST LOST A CUSTOMER AND I AM SURE I GOING TO SPREAD BAD WORD OF MOUTH ABOUT THIS INCIDENT....WORST PUBLICITY IS BAD WORD OF MOUTH REMEMBER THIS GUYS.... 	1 star	  11 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  Order placed on Saturday and TV delivered on Friday (Hyderabad) and also installation completed on same day.  Picture quality is good when connected to HD Setup box specially HD channels. Sound quality is OK and can be improved. Have minimal options for settings for display and sound.  Value for money considering the cost and quality. Playing most of the formats from USB. Display panel is not strong compare to LG/Samsumg/Sony - Of course we cant compare/expect the quality considering the price.  Low quality wall mount bracket.  When checked the price in showroom it is coming 5500 cheaper in flipkart. Thank you Flipkart for selling it lesser price.   Considering budget had to opt this TV otherwise I dont think so :-) and I hope min. it will work as expected for 2 to 4 years.  	4 stars	  08 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  They delivered the TV within 2 days But They never responded when we had problem after few days only. I called them almost 8 times regarding the problem but never responded.  Worst service by the flipkart.  Please don't trust online products. Don't Trust flipakrt.  	1 star	  08 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  I was really feared of getting a fault product as other people got but luckily i didnt get into such situations..  TV has reached my expectations from Day 1 when it was delivered. (Dont expect a SONY level quality but you will be satisfied for what we have paid.)  Now i have a wonderful big LED at my home and made this a SMART TV (Bought Portronics Pandora) in flipkart.  Both make a wonderful combination - I now mirror my mobile and laptop easily and connect my TV to internet as and when required.  It has played almost all the formats i threw at it and without lag - 1080P runs pretty smooth from pen drive.  AMAZING DEAL - Thank you FLIPKART & MICROMAX 	5 stars	  01 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  With a great risk, I had purchased this Micromax TV. Looks like risks are not for me. Within a few days of usage, a vertical black line had developed within the LED screen. So, I requested for a return on Flipkart as it was within the stipulated 30 days period. After the request, Flipkart said, it would be sorted out by 23rd May. (Request posted on 21st May), which they failed and requested for 24th, then 28th then 30th May. They have failed all their commitments, and I am still watching the same TV with a line. I had doubts about Micromax quality but not Flipkart's service. Both of them failed me here. 	1 star	  01 Jun 2015 
flipkart.com	  THIS TV IS GOOD IVE BOUGHT IT ON MONDAY IT GET DELEVERED ON SUNDAY AND GET INSTALLED ON MONDAY. OVER ALL BUILD QUALITY AND PICTURE QULITY IS NICE BUT ONE BIG PROBLEM NO AUDIO OUT OPTION MEANS YOU CANT CONNECT YOUR HOMETHEATER WITH IT BUT SOME HOW IVE MANAGE TO CONNECT MY HOMETHEATER WITH IT . SO IDONT RECOMEEN NOT TO BUY THIS TV IF YOUR ARE FROM A MIDDLECLASS FAMILY THEN GO FOR IT ITS A NICE AND DECENT LOOKING TV. 	2 stars	  28 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Never purchase any product from MICROMAX, it is cheaper when you are purchasing product but after sale you will regret. In term's of QUALITY and AFTER SALE SERVICES provided by micromax. they are doing bussiness on our HARD EARN MONEY, When it comes to deliverable, micromax always DISAPPOINT me. so now onward i am taking pledge that i will not purchase any product from micromax brand. 	1 star	  26 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV has issue with display screen. I got it replaced and new one too has line on display. I would recommend not to go for any of Micromax LED TV's as Price is low but so is the quality of TV. 	1 star	  25 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its an amazing TV, much more than full value for money.  the picture quality is sharp and HD viewing is amazing. This TV will give and is giving tough competition to likes of Sony LG and Samsung which are exorbitantly priced for much lesser quality. A Steal...calling it purchase would be an understatement 	5 stars	  21 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV is pathetic in Quality, HDMI port 1 does not work at all, TV's menu keeps on shuffling on its own without even pointing remote to the TV, at time TV even shuts off automatically without turning on the sleep timer.  Contacted Flipkart in the hope of assistance, they have been giving only RUN-AROUND. TV was delivered on 7th May, I reported the Issue on the 8th, I am still waiting to see someone coming to my home and looking into it.  Flipkart is not at all competent in the part of customer service at all. Reps dont even know what they talk.  I have been cursing myself since the day it got delivered.  Very poor customer service..  THERE IS NO REFUND POLICY WITH FLIPKART, EVEN-THOUGH THEY HAVE A REFUND TAB ON ORDER DETAILS PAGE - DON'T KNOW WHY??  GO WITH AMAZON OR SNAPDEAL OR ANY-OTHER SITE BUT FLIPKART.. GOD FORBID IF SOMETHING GOES WRONG WITH YOUR ORDER U R SOOOO STUCK, AS I AM. 	1 star	  18 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  My best purchase from flipkart.I dont need high Branded with 100 features.A big Tv with better clarity along with good audio=MicroMax.Thanks to Flipkart for this TV with the Best Price. mMX Rocks and I am sure it will occupy the LED market for midsizers soon. 	5 stars	  17 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Nice product in less price...  i use this product and fully satisfied...  and the delivered before time...  i compared with 6 sites but flipkart is best...  it also provide installation without any extra charge...  hope it really help you...  you can trust this site... 	5 stars	  14 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  I had ordered this product through Flipkart. The delivery of the product was quick and was sent in couple of days but the product had a damage. Also the connector to the speaker/woofer is not working. I had raised a return request as soon as received the product with damage but even after 10 days have no update. Flipkart keep on sending message that your problem will be on 10 and then another message on 11 and then on 12 and so on.   Please do not fool people and provide genuine product. Do not buy frm here are the price is cheap since they send damaged product and not new one. 	1 star	  13 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  I must give it a 5 star ratings. Product is fantastic. Flipkart services are unparallel. Shipment was average as vendor took more than desired time. Flipkart arranged my installation on the same day. The representative was really patient man who installed it flawlessly. The picture is top of the world. At this rate it is worth buying this product. I strongly recommend others for this product. Thanks Flipkart and Micromax for such deals. 	5 stars	  13 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Instead of spending 1 to 2 lakh(sony/LG) for 50 inch TV, you will get this within your budget (30K), and its worth of cost, I have been using this from past one month, No complaints  awesum product, flipkart deliverey is good, and installation done within 24 hours ! great :-)  My suggestion is just go for it, without any second thoughts, and its equivalent to sony/LG 50inch with HD setup box :-) 	5 stars	  13 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Can someone please tell me that what difference does the dynamic ratio make? I mean will it make a big deal?  Waiting for a prompt reply.  TIA. 	1 star	  06 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV in the month of january 15. After i have purchased nearly 10 of my friends and relatives have bought this TV. That shows the quality of this LED tv from micromax. MM has done wonderful job by offering at this price. simply close your eyes and go for this TV. People say it has only 60hz refresh rate but you could feel that only when you watch news scrolling going at very high speed. otherwise you could not find any diff between any other high hz tv and this one.All other big brand Tvs charge the customer just to make high profit. nothing else. 	4 stars	  03 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Nice picture quality on HD channel........... best on this price 	3 stars	  02 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Was looking for a 50" TV and given Micromax's recent rise in reputation across board, took the plunge - given that every other option was atleast 10k higher!  But, what a shitty experience, while the colors etc. are not bad, the Operating system is like the old DVD players. Every icon feels clumsily made, the subtitles appear almost at 1/3rd height from the bottom - looks like somebody took the software on the smaller TVs and bolted it on top of this. If you forward your movie, the subtitle sync is gone (and there is no way to fix it) and there is no "Resume from stop" feature. And I could go on about the lack of polish and irritating, small bugs.  Given my other TV is a Smart 40" Samsung, this feels like a piece of crap. Thankfully, there was a "one in a million" (as per the technician) manufacturing defect (Panel depressed in 3 spots) in my TV and Flipkart has only a refund option, so I will be getting my money back and putting it back in the tried-and-tested Samsung brand, even if it means 15k more.  Never again please! (Note to self!) 	1 star	  02 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi All,   I am planning to purchase. i want to know that this tv is support to connect all home theatre? 	5 stars	  01 May 2015 
flipkart.com	  its been 4 days since I put up a return request , still there is no action from Flipkart side. and thier customer care is not at all helpfull. Once the micromax guys hear that you've brought from flipkart, they show no interest in attending you Ive been a regular buyer from flipkart, but this time its left me very dissapointed 	1 star	  30 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Writing on day1. When i 1st saw this TV i couldn't believe this TV is for just 300000 Rs . True HD LED. Pictures are amazing. Will review after using some days. 	5 stars	  29 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  a very good product and excellent service in delivering the TV on time by flipkart. Both micromax and flipkart rocks. 	5 stars	  27 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi   I ordered this LED after researching it online and watching it for 2-3 months at my brothers home. and moreover with a price tag of 27990 (After 3k+2K discount) it was a good deal. Firs things first - Flipkart delivery rocks , But there Customer Service is poor, Installation was quick and perfect the technician was sound and fast enough to answer all queries related to product  As per TV : Micromax has done some good work on the Quality part , It is very nice to watch the TV with good Video and Audio Quality Almost most of the Video formats go through - i palyed them using Hard disk 2 USB which are enough  Look is very nice and Sleek design make sit even more Stylish  Sound part is quite good considering the other biggers brands Definitely very good compared to other bigger brands and for the price offered  Very Happy with the product , This is the second time we have bought this LED in our Family and it is truely a good purchase worth for every single Rupee  Thanks Micromax  	5 stars	  27 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Overall it is an average product. The biggest issue is SOUND and will need urgent attention from Micromax. I do not want to return the product, however this is a biggest problem this TV has. I am calling Micromax to fix this issue.  1. The user interface is very old and insufficient.  2. The sound quality extremely poor. Will need external audio. 3. This will need firmware update and I look forward to receiving one.  4. The PC interface worked well at 1920 x 1080 resolution, the video quality was acceptable the audio quality extremely pathetic, you can hardly hear anything.  5. The USB operation works however the UI is bad. It is totally unintuitive. I ended up deleting some files inadvertently.  6. Scan rate is low however acceptable.  7. Yet to check DVD and HDMI operations.  	2 stars	  26 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I have searched all branded and small brand and no brand television and skewed to this Indian Television maker for Indian(Aam Admj)  The television as good as any other 50 inch television you may find  Why you should not discard this television  Its price is the major factor The display enormous 50 inch Looks very sleak bezel just 1 cm SRS is good enough for most of families Connection ports as many as you may need   Why you should not bother  The back side is little bit more plasticy yet no one sees from back it is hung on wall Micromax-they are not well established but they have proven their metal in smartphone sector same they will repeat here I hope  I have used for 3days only once I have enough time I will write more about functionality and bugs in this television.  For now there isn't a single issue I faced  For fact SD QUALITY is a nasty business on 50inch television so get your set top boxes upgraded or get 1080 p movies into hard disk.  While using my 1tb hard disk on TV USB I didn't know where play button was and I have deleted my favourite movie collection DARK NIGHT TRIO i first felt very angry on TV remote for the design , so please be careful since its one click to delete here than two clicks to play or open a file. 	5 stars	  24 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bot this Tv in Oct 2014 after 4 months of working properly all of a sudden the display went blank..We contacted the micormax customer care .The very next day the Sevice people arrived and declared this was a faulty TV and they would replace it...Two months have passed the Service Center people are always delaying the date of devilry of the TV to be replaced and are very rude they keep on saying TV has arrived but at bhiwandi warehouse.They are asking me to go and get it from the warehouse....Frustrated i called up Flipkart customer Care on 14th April 2015.The concerned team from Flipkart said that they would handle this matter and I would get a reply by 19th April...No revert from Flipkart on 19th April.....Again Flipkart postponed the date to 22nd April still no revert now yesterday I got a mail saying that they will revert on 26th April.... Really frustrated as i exchanged my good working Samsung Flat screen TV for Mircomax TV...which is now not working for 2 months and no help from anyone... REALLY REGRET the decision i took to buy this micormax TV 	1 star	  23 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  i don't think the screen size are per specification mentioned here, it was just 100 cm width, one of the USB port is not working. User navigation menu are so poor and not upto the mark 	1 star	  21 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  1. Picture Quality - Decent but not on par with big brands like SONY/LG/Samsung/Panasonic. Having a hard time while playing 1080P movies. 720p movies is playing liek a charm. Response time is a bit slow when playing with USB or HDD.  2. Sound Quality- 10W*2 speakers just about does the job. It is very low when played hollywood movies/series. have to go till 50-55 to hear.  3. Build Quality: Very Good for the cost on offer (you wont have the sheer WOW experience of Samsung or LG or a Sony)  4. 2 USB ports available and it plays most of the video formats i have. :)  5. Ports are awkwardly placed and are difficult to access   6. TV was shipped with beautiful chrome table mounts(i just love them), wall mount accessories, remote control with 2 AAA batteries.  7. User interface could have been better in fact much better. It looks like you are playing with DOS GUI in PC.  8. HD content reproduction is not on par with the LED TV's of premium make, but just about does the job.   I bought it with 30K, Overall pretty satisfied with the make and its definitely a value for money proposition. 	4 stars	  18 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Really happy with the purchase.  Great clarity with Dishtv HD Setop box connection. I am not a picky guy when it comes to availability and features. As long as the tv runs fine at 1080p quality, I have no complaints.  btw, planning to buy one more for myself as I am a gaming addict and have a PS4 that is currently connected to an Akai 40" 1080p LCD tv.I would not have purchased the Akai tv(Costed me 29k INR!!!) 1 year back if I had known Micromax would be releasing such great televisions at such a great price point. 	5 stars	  15 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I just bought this tv 3 weeks back and first of al thanks for the flipkart for the on time delivery. Before buying a Led TV just see wheather it fits to ur room.If u have small room size go for a small size tv .My room is too small but i bought this 49 inch tv so i suppose to watch it very closely so tat i can see the pixels breaks for a 1080i videos.And this tv is best suited for watching QHD and above resolution videos. Since the size of the TV is big you can see the pixels break on 1080p videos but if u watch 1080p videos at decent distance pixel break is not visible. Other than that its a best tv for this prize range 	4 stars	  15 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Hi,   I wanted to know if I purchase this product from flipkart anyone from micromax will come to install this product @ my home or they will give me demo ? if yes then how is that possible 	1 star	  10 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Good product by Micromax Overall great value for money superb service by flipkart. The installation was also done good. Overall kudos to Flipkart for providing good product at Rock bottom price and caring your customers I am buying some or the other thing from flipkart since more than two years now...so tqu flipkart...aka WS Retail 	5 stars	  06 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Thanks to Micromax, Expecting more and more product from you.. As usual Flipkart done a fast shipment and service, Thank you too. 	5 stars	  06 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  I bought this product of 35000 rs from shop . It is one the best product available in market.nice sound nice clearity 	5 stars	  06 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  best at minimum price. awesome picture quality. loud audio. supports all kinds of video formats including .flv, although doesn't play sound in dual audio movies but I don't mind that. 	5 stars	  05 Apr 2015 
flipkart.com	  Excellent product with the price quoted. Nothing short of MNC's LED tv. Go for it. Same day installation on request was provided by Flipkart. Thanks much guys. 	5 stars	  30 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  This TV of 49inch really has a good look in the hall. It is worth buying. Please ensure you purchase a stabilizer for the same and ensure use USB device fully protected against virus before it is plugged in the TV.  You will have a very good feel. Blue Ray DVD's are very appealing when viewed.  Service from Micromax Customer care is prompt and very cooperative.  I am happy buying this product. 	5 stars	  27 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  led good looking and working smoothly ,  i have recommended micromax ked tv 50 inc , and price also less compare to other 	5 stars	  27 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  really happy with this micromax tv. hope it will have very good life.no tv is available at this price.great effort from micromax.flipkart delivery outstanding. 	5 stars	  22 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  I purchased this tv from flipkart, so for so good. Overall satisfied, i do not find any major difference in samsung product and this. With this price range we can good to go. Error ratio of micromax is greater than other brand. I have seen the review and taken risk, but product was good for me. 	5 stars	  19 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its worth every penny, the clarity is simply superb!!! Sound Quality is OK not too bad..!  I saw this product display in Croma, before I could decide on purchasing online. While they were playing a HD channel on other much branded product too (Sony) which was displayed above the MicroMax TV, trust me this one looked much sharper in resolution, i could not believe my eyes...:-) Go see it for your self if you like too..  Also, its much cheaper in Flipkart with this offer, delivered before the deadline as always, Flipkart ROCKS!!! The Service was very Professional and definitely, they just raised the BAR high now. Way to go!  To my knowledge FLIPKART has always got an awesome reputation in quality products,. service and delivery - HATS OFF!!! Thanks Again, Keep Rocking!  If you are thinking whether to get this one or not - just blindly go for it, your TV viewing experience is just about to change forever :-) If your going to watch any HD channels, you might not believe your eyes.. Get ready..! 	5 stars	  16 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  its ok to buy.......................................................................................................................... 	2 stars	  12 Mar 2015 
flipkart.com	  First I want to say thanks to Flipkart for the top quality service and price the give. Before buying this product did some market research myself and found everybody else was selling at higher price.  About Product: 2 words - Simply Awesome... :) I'm someone who has always gone with Sony or LG product. I have 32" Sony LED, 42" LG Smart TV.... but after buying this my first thought was Micromax is really good. I can't say it has anything less than them. Bright Crisp picture quality, perfect as should be. Its 60 Htz... yes... but it DOESN'T matter... we don't get 100 Hz signal anyways No Optical output... which I missed..but I connected with HDMI to my home theatre which works even better.  All 5 stars to Micromax...keep up the good work. 	5 stars	  27 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  screen is huge and product is value for the money.  Pros 1.Huge screen 2.Good screen clarity (prefer HD channels) 3.Almost plays all formats 4.low power consumption 5. Very economical when compared with other tv brands of same size Cons 1.Cheap bulit quality at the rear side of the tv (Not a issue at all) 2.Sound is not good when u play it from usb 3.No audio jack for external speaker connection  Service from the flipkart team is great and i appreciate it . If possiblel ! prefer 50 inch tv it has more contrast ratio, audio jack and less power consumption (95 w) 	4 stars	  23 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered this tv on 4th jan 15 and delivery was on 7th jan within time as given by flipkart, the delivery boys were very supportive and delivered the tv in time, so for delivery i would like to give 5 stars, the installation was quick within 4 to 5 hrs, the tv quality is very good, no need to spend so much money in branded tv, If u have extra money then u can go for other brands, but this tv is very good, Picture quality of tv is awesome and sound quality is also very good. No need to think too much just go for it. 	4 stars	  22 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Nice product...Prompt delivery...  Screen quality is very nice... good resolution....  Installation was also done on time and nicely 	5 stars	  04 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  I was just looking for a big screen TV with Full HD and basic LED and I found this to be very good fit. Reviewed TV, went to Pai international to check the physical appearence and it has very attractive look. The features and all upto the mark with par to the international brands. it has 2 HDMI, 2 USB and VGA connector, same features in Onida was costing me around 49k where as this got for better deal of 34K.   Flipkart was good in delivering the product and total credit to their services. They just delivered the product within 24 hours and installation and demo took place within other 2 days.   Using this TV for past 10 days and no issues. I have HD tv connection and the picture quality is very good.   You can give a try blindly for this product and enjoy the fun!  Cheers! M 	5 stars	  03 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Bought this TV about 2 weeks back and I couldn't be happier.   What more do you need from a TV apart from 1080p? All the added stuff of UHD/4k/Smart/Curved Screen and even 3d are nothing more than marketing gimmicks to drive up the price of TVs. Today's content requires only 1080p for BluRays and 1080i for TV channels.   This is exactly where this TV scores points - it is just a TV and it is brilliantly inexpensive! A 49" LED for 33k!   Flipkart service was good. Delivery and installation was done as promised.   The only thing I'm unhappy about is the lack of extra HDMI ports (has only 2), but that's just me trying to nitpick. 	5 stars	  02 Feb 2015 
flipkart.com	  Its a good product and the picture and sound quality is very good. fast and prompt delivery by the seller. 	5 stars	  28 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Awesome Picture clarity. Good Sound. Thanks flipkart for giving me the chance to buy this TV in awesome price. 	5 stars	  27 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  TV viewing is a treat if you have HD channels to watch. In india we have less channels to watch. apart from that all is fine.  good TV . have been using past 1 month. 	5 stars	  27 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  On the whole superb at a reasonable price The performance of the TV is fine. Installation done is perfect. No complaint.Thank you KAILAS 	5 stars	  26 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  pixels are not so good as compare to sony or lg led ...... 49 inch for 1080p led needs equal optimisation for pixels  thats why video quality is little bit low sound is not so loud but clear if u need base i have to buy another speakers no built in amplifier 2 usb ports is great feature of this led  overall it is good 	4 stars	  21 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  2 week ownership report Good Bits: 1. Excellent screen, especially HD channels on the DTH at home render exceptionally well 2. Thin Bezel making it look quite sleek, its actually not very thin from a top down view, but how does that really matter, its not like you watch the back side of your TV all the time. 3. Above Par speakers 4. still cant get around the fact that it comes at less than half the price of what the south Koreans and Japanese price similar products at, and yet delivers maybe 95% or more than what features they offer. yes you might get some extra gizmos on the SK&J products, but you really wont be using any of that jaaz most of the time.  Bad Bits: 1. The HDMI slots are placed weirdly, quite tough to reach for it in case you have the TV wall mounted. 2. only 2 HDMI slots, then again, how many are enough these days. 3. no WiFi or smart OS - but a Chromecast dongle should take care of all that for another couple of k ( so this is not really a bad bit, more like a neutral comment)  would i recommend it - Definitely, for sure, YES. fact is, 2 of my friends went ahead and bought the TV as soon as they saw it at my place. 	5 stars	  21 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  i want to purchase it please confirm whether can it play MKV format or not please confirm............................................................................. 	4 stars	  20 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Damn good product with exellent picture quality...Go for this model & you will not get disappoint.... 	5 stars	  20 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Bought this Monster from flipkart. I have postponed the delivery since i was not available on the scheduled day. but flipkart had followed me over phone till it get delivered to me on the day i requested to deliver..   After one month of usage it is still good.very rarely there is a lag in HD channels. Sound could been better. 	5 stars	  19 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  THIS IS TO INFORM YOU ON 9TH, THE MATERIAL HAD BEEN DELIVERED. INSTALLATION WILL BE CARRIED OUT IN ONE OR TWO DAYS. TODAY IT IS 15TH, NON OF THE INSTLLATION TEAM HAS CALLED AS OF TIME. WE WERE HECTICLY FOLLOWING WITH YOUR CONTACT NOS BUT IT IS PAIN. IF THIS TYPE OF ATTITUDE IS THERE, WE WILL PRETTY WELL STOP BUYING AND INFORMING OTHERS NOT TO BUY FROM YOUR ORGANISATION. NOW ALSO WHAT WILL HAPPEN, YOU WILL WRITE AN APPOLOGY NONSENSE LETTER BUT RESULTS IS A BIG ZERO. ULTIMATE SUFFERER WE WILL BE.  OUR RATING: SHIT 	1 star	  15 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  We have received TV as per schedule. Packing is good and TV is good. I am not happy with installation part. The service engineer is not skilled. He doesn't know how to install TV. We had to help to connect TV with set top. We suggest to give proper trainings to service engineers for installations and repairs. Except installation part rest is excellent. TV is good. 	4 stars	  14 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  It is only a week since I am watching this television after installation. First time the product was defective when the technician came for installation. I got a replacement after a little bit of fight with Flipkart. The product is really a value for money spent. Features as given in description.  One thing I felt was that the price difference between 40 inch and 49 inch television by micromax is too much. 	4 stars	  13 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  The product is no doubt worth the price paid for, but the demo was not properly arranged for. The person who came for installation was only interested in getting it wall mounted. He could not give explanations on why the AV output was provided in the TV. He could not explain why my VCD was not showing a clear picture on the TV when connected to the Component ports given on the back of the TV. Someone (a real good engineer knowing the product thoroughly) needs to really come and give a proper tutorial on the working of the various functions of this product.  I will not deny that the product is good and would surely recommend it to others.  R T Narang, Pune. 	4 stars	  13 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Can anyone please test and see if this TV or 40 inch Micromax TV can output 1080p when connected via HDMI with PC without any issue? Thanks! 	3 stars	  12 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Really this is a great product...worthful one at the given price... Sound quality is really good... If you would like to buy micromax tv go for 127cm Micromax led tv. 	5 stars	  10 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Overall a wonderful product!  Would have been better if it had a audio output and made those ports behind quite accessible. 	4 stars	  10 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I ordered This MMX-49" LED TV on 4th Jan-'15 & got it delivered on 7th in good condition. Installation was not satisfactory with the candidate sent by Flipkart. He was in a hurry to leave the place as soon as the installation is completed. Not having a capability to explain about the features that this TV has & how to use it in safe manner. this is the only NEGATIVE POINT OF FLIPKART. IF THIS POINT IS BEEING TAKEN CARE BY FLIPKART, THEN REALLY EVERY ONE CAN ENJOY THE GREAT JOB DONE BY FLIPKART. Thanks a lot to Flipkart. 	4 stars	  10 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I'm very much pleased that I took the decision to buy micromax, relatively new company in TV although famous for mobile phones. But it was a wise decision. I have D2H, which has 21 live HD Channels. The picture quality is just superb and it seems that I am on the spot of shooting while seeing the picture. 	5 stars	  09 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Very good Product for the price what you spend.  Almost equal to the quality of LG/Samsung products. I recommend this product.  But micro max customer service is very bad. 	4 stars	  08 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I recently bought 26 Dec 2014 this Micro max 50 inc tv and it was worth the price, the picture quality is excellent, what i suggest all it have a plain ground for comparison, use HD setup box for this and you will see the difference, am happy i bought this, in fact few of my friends have bought Panasonic, Videocon, Onida and Philips - this one beats them all  Hopefully the quality stays long,  Lets see.  	5 stars	  05 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  super tv  super hd  full hd led  its a beutiful product better then sony Micromax 50C1200FHD/50C5500FHD 124 cm (49) LED TV   suitable price  	5 stars	  03 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  Wanted to have this delivered in Vellore. However, Tried checking in Chennai locations as well. No Luck. I Am a bit surprised if 40 inch can be delivered to vellore pin 632007, Y not 50 inch. Would be really good if flipkart can advise me on this. Thanks ! 	2 stars	  01 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  I got the MICROMAX LED TV delivered on 24th December and I am following up with FLIPKART Customer executives for the Installation and even it is not done till today [1st January] and I was given a Wrong commitment every time and I have to apply couple of days Leave and still no one contacted for the installation.  	1 star	  01 Jan 2015 
flipkart.com	  i love the features when i saw on flipkart online and i ordered micromax led 50 inch i got it and it was damaged. i ordered second time again and to my surprise again damaged. now i am scared of buying from flipkart. it would have been better if i would have bought from a shop or brick and mortar. 	1 star	  30 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  good tv ...................................................................................................................................................... 	5 stars	  21 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  ordered... received.. enjoying the brilliant clarity and large screen experience :))))) One of the best products I ordered thru flipkart !! 	5 stars	  17 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I m in love with this LED Tv.Very good Picture and Sound Quality.Watching HD Movies in this TV is Awesome. 	5 stars	  17 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Great product but not available in Mumbai....... its bad for flip cart  Please tray to available in Mumbai on urgent basis. 	1 star	  13 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I got this TV delivered in one day. Thanks to Flipkart quick delivery. Installation & Demo is still pending due to change of installation address which is different from delivery.   	3 stars	  12 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  They will take your money and than not deliver you the proiduct on all kind of nonsense. I hope they are soon punished. 	1 star	  10 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  Its an awsum tv, which i can recommend people to go for it.... Classy looks ! Classy Output ! but please do not compare as every brand has its own features,worth spending on this >>>>> 	4 stars	  05 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  I tried to get this product since last 1 month of time , In deed a Great product   Pic Quality is very good and sound is at PAR  	5 stars	  02 Dec 2014 
flipkart.com	  i wanna desperately buy this tv..from flipkart..as it offers the best deal for it....but its always out of stock....n once when it was instock...the seller is not delivering it to my location...CHENNAI...cmon!! CHENNAI!!!! while the 40inch 32inch are all available at ma location..pls consider CHENNAI!!! 	3 stars	  30 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought Micromax 40" LED TV and Micromax 50" LED TV on Flipkart. Its been a month now and I'm absolutely delighted. The price is low yet I don't see any notable compromise in the quality or the features of the TV. This produce is just amazing! Micromax rocks!!! 	5 stars	  26 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Excellent customer service by Flipcart. I had some issue with the TV but was replaced and installed by Flipcart within 24hours of technician's review. The TV is really good and value for money.But one need to spend another 3000 on the stabilizer and 2 or 3 thousand on HD Set top box. Be prepared to shell out around 500 for HD channel monthly subscription.Using normal set top box in this TV is useless.  To mention again very courteous customer service representative's of flipcart, needn't have to wait for long on phone for the issue to be resolved.Thank u flipcart. 	5 stars	  21 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Great deal for Mega TV........................................................................................................................................................................................... 	5 stars	  20 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart Transaction, communication, Delivery and Installation all Perfect. Of course not exactly on the scheduled time, but everything accomplished on the scheduled date.   Regarding the TV,  Pros :  1. Overall Picture Quality and Sound Quality is above average to good.  2. Built Quality is just an average compare with my previous experience with Panasonic.  3. Software could have been better. But for normal users and new comers it doesn't matter.  Cons :   1. Sound Levels between AV and USB has Huge Difference, So while switching USB to AV , we need to properly reduce sound and switch. (Not a Big Deal)   2. Seems, there was a Software issue with Multiple Audio Track Movies. there is no sound from any track. Its works perfectly with single audio Movies. :(  =====================================  Over all... not excited... But surly Satisfied. =====================================  	4 stars	  20 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hi, Please do not waste your money on other expensive products. This is an amazing Television. This is 100% absolutely a stunning TV and of course you need a HD connection to enjoy the picture quality. 	5 stars	  18 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Ordered on 11th Nov 2014. Delivered and installed on 14th Nov 2014. Very good product at the price of 35K for 50 inches. Display is so good and sound also as expected. Value for money. 	5 stars	  17 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Superb picture quality.Sound is more than expected.Its more than value for money. I am really happy with quality of this product.It is Simply... WOW. What a fantastic television at such a low cost.Hats off to Flipkart for prompt delivery of committed time. 	5 stars	  17 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Hi friends, I am planning to buy this TV but before i just want to know whether 60HZ refresh rate enough for 50Inch TV ? did you find any slow pace in picture while watching? 	4 stars	  15 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  i have recently ordered Micromax 49 inches tv and received it before schedule... last month the product was not available in my address so i represented this issue to flipkart and the problem is solved .. showing their concern towards customers.. cheers to ur service..  waiting for the installation... so i can write further review on product 	5 stars	  15 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this TV from a local store in Bengaluru. Got it cheaper by Rs 500/ compared to flipkart. It was installed in the same day . found it to be as good as any other led tv by any other make. Only thing this is far cheaper compared to foreign brands. I am fully satisfied by it's performance. 	5 stars	  15 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Worth the money.Awesome product and no issues so far. Picture quality can be more cle with HD connection and sound quality can also be said to be descent 	4 stars	  14 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  what to say its not even available in capital of india even  i had requested in my wishlist for more than 3 months  hello any one from flipkart i know these days you are very big company and we buyers are none in front of you but if you can just reply to the wish list that whether it would be availe or not in our area   we would be highly greatful  	1 star	  13 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Brought this from Flip kart and after installation found some back-light issue on the right side bottom corner, escalated to flip kart and micromax service person came and without my knowledge opened up and loosened all the screws and tried some experiment and left it with loosing screws and left 2 screws on the table and he did not respond on my phone also.  Not happy with tv and service of micromax, i had asked for replacement or exchange or refund for the same...and still in process don't know when these people will respond.  totally disappointed with this TV and service of micromax:( 	1 star	  13 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  kindly add gurgaon location also for this product........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 	5 stars	  13 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I replaced MY 40inch samsung full hd led with this TV(Transferring the samsung to my room), during diwali. Firstly during peak season Flipkart delivered in 2days flat,now back to the TV its amazing much clearer and CRISPER images without any LAG on full HD. A must buy at its price. Also micromax person came and wall mounted it for free(No one does it for free). In all a true value for money package. 	5 stars	  13 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  i m very sad, why this product seller is not available in durgapur/asansol and also online delivery is not possible in durgapur (wb). 	4 stars	  12 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  want this tv deliver at gwalior pin 474011. please make it available at gwalior MP as well.  I want to buy it asap. 	5 stars	  11 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Can anyone who has bought this TV upload the live video over youtube or anywhere and share. It would help deciding.  	5 stars	  08 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I bought this at Diwali time,product was delivery as they committed,They didn't install the product(TV) till now,I am keep on following both flipkart and Micromax people,nobody reached me till now.The worst service!! 	1 star	  06 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Micromax is giving you more than you expect in economical price. Micromax will soon change the world of television 	5 stars	  06 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  I have purchased this TV on 21st Nov. Flipkart took 8 Days to deliver this and after that they took 7 Days to Install, finally it is not working.   Waste of time with Flip Kart and Waste Product. Flipkart is just doing the postman Job with out any value add like Inward Inspection, quality check etc. Not to Buy any electronic products with flipkart. 	1 star	  06 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  SUPER TV VIDEO AND AUDIO QUALITY IS GOOD,BUDGET LED TV THANKS TO MICROMAX. 	5 stars	  05 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Excellent product and i have received the product as mentioned in Flipkart, and excellent support. Real value for money. picture quality amazing and better than my previous Sony Bravia. Go for it 	5 stars	  05 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  when this product will be available in navi mumbai or mumbai city. flipkart make it soon available. i m waiting to order. 	5 stars	  04 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  The LED TV is very good. Comparable to other branded TV's. Flipkart delivered as per committed date and taken care the mounting and demo. I am very happy with the Product and support. 	4 stars	  04 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Micromax is really doing a great job.  The product is available at handy price and gives similar picture quality as of other branded LED TVs. Really good one. 	5 stars	  04 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  i am trying to buy this product but it is not available in Mumbai/ Navi Mumbai. Is it a real deal or just for advertisement? 	3 stars	  04 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Flipkart delivered this in 2 weeks, the delivery was slow, may be because, that it has to be transported with much care. The product was delivered with out any damages. Demo and installation was also scheduled by Flipkart itself. I checked with local dealer for Sony and LG, Sony cost around 114000 and LG at 94000. Where as this TV is only 34000, its a value buy. I have a Sony Bravia LED 32 inches at home already, I dont feel any difference in the display or picture quality. So guys go for Make in India! 	5 stars	  04 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  This range of tv is market cost is to high but micro max giving cost wise cheep...... Good ................. 	4 stars	  03 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  Definitely the best price in the market, I did not wanted to spend a lot so went for this one... saw the price on FK then went to local shops to actually she a live demo and I just could not make out the deference.. 5/5 for the TV..  The installation guy was acting too smart, was trying to sell his own cables and was very rude.. so I will take one start of that... also he marked him self 10/10 in his report when he took my sign, so that was kind of not good.   So just be ware of the installation guys they will try to sell you cables which you may not require. As I was any ways about to upgrade my set top box to HD from normal.  If you don't want to spend more and want to still be happy.. go for it :)  I am a happy man 	4 stars	  02 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  This is a great product at this price. display is good and compete with any other leading brands.  I recommend this product. 	5 stars	  01 Nov 2014 
flipkart.com	  pros:   . Picture quality is good, i recommend DTH HD for this tv. . Perfect for sports and movies . Runs almost all the file formats including basic text format ,detects HDD as well . Price is low!!  Cons: .Volume output is average for movies played from HDD(TV volume is good) .Table stand is tricky as the screws provided is short, i removed washers to fit the stand. .Limited delivery locations   	5 stars	  31 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I purchased this tv from flip kart satisfied good quality tv equal to Samsung lg Sony happy to see with cheap price good picture micro max happy to be Indian product 	4 stars	  31 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  plz providing delivery in bhel hyderabad , this is very good compare to sony or lg and sumsung and moreover this is indian product i love india micromax tv s also in future india no1 	4 stars	  29 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  IT IS SHOWING IN STOCK BUT WE CANNOT ORDER THE SAME. IT IS JUST TO FOOL THE CUSTOMER. I CALLED UP THE TOLL FREE AND ASKED THEM TO GIVE AT-LEAST ONE PIN CODE WHERE IT CAN BE DELIVERED BUT THEY WERE UNABLE TO PROVIDE THE SAME. THEY JUST SHOW THE PRICE BUT NO STOCKS, IT IS JUST TO FOOL CUSTOMERS TO GET TRAFFIC ON THEIR WEB PAGE. 	1 star	  28 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I have received this product from flipkart quickly, awaiting forthe installation and demo by service engineer.  Could anybody suggest the best stabilizer for this 49" LED TV...  Please suggest the stabilizer with required power capacity?. 	4 stars	  28 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I've seen this in Delhi. It's value for money TV. When will this be available in Delhi ? Eagerly waiting to exchange my old one to buy this one. 	4 stars	  27 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  Excellent Product, but the main constraint is delivery to select locations. I would request to make it deliverable to Ghaziabad also... 	5 stars	  27 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  It is not available at any of the the locations in india.... ...................................................................................... 	5 stars	  21 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  sir , i want to know the name of seller of 50 inch micromax led tv (IN PIN CODE 575003) . so i can have look of the t v 	3 stars	  21 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  please deliver in delhi.....interested i buying 3-4 pcs !! 	5 stars	  21 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  i have tried will Hyderabad, Chenni, Bangloor, Delhi pin codes. but it says "No seller is avilable". then where seller is avilable to sell this? 	1 star	  20 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I am interested in this product but the same is not available for sale in Bangalore can the seller ship to Bangalore address.  Eagerly waiting for this product to be launched in Bangalore. 	5 stars	  20 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I want to purchase this tv but it is showing not available at hyderabad. i am very much interested in buying 	5 stars	  20 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  I love the company products,,, Can't u the seller sell it to people of other places online and ship it !! 	4 stars	  20 Oct 2014 
flipkart.com	  i am searching for this tv since when i saw its first ommercial. now when it is released, its not available in Indore?  why so? why flipkart why? 	5 stars	  18 Oct 2014 
